may be too small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
Convenient, quick, high quality.
ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
name it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
Print Quality Very Good
Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
No rechargable battery
Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
Battery usage
Small internal memory
great print quality
use of floppy disk over memory cards
Small, easy to use.
Reception
Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
None.
Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
Zoom is not that great
Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
None
small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
It works, it was free
High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!
Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
Great for emailing instant photos to friends
high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
Great printer
none I can think of
Expensive
Slightly dated technology
Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
It's a little big.
Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
Sparking little performer; super features
Battery life.. complicated phone book
But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
TOO MANY FUNCTIONS!!
Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
none
Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
battery life, not as durable as most cell phones
Portability, ease of use/download to computer, cheap
pricey flash cards
Design, size and weight, user-friendliness of basic functions, large   vibrant screens.
Low volume, bad pic   screen resolution, not very reliable.
A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
Cost and volume in noisy areas.
Camera and video functions
If durability is high on your list than this phone should not be.
bulky in size due to large paper size
have to keep it really steady
Durability   small size
Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
Ease of use, good quality printing
Small, lightweight, easy to use
fun, easy to use
Bulky out put tray
HP Quality
Expensive Ink cartridges.
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
A little slow for high-volume printing.
The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
Bad video quality.  Ram overload causing the phone to freeze.
Easy to use.
The instruction manual is a little vague in some sections.
Web capability, Games, Shortmail
Easy to use, high quality printing
GSM network not built up yet
Brutal Menu System
Small initial cost      Instant photos
small, simple, cheap
Display Window not lighted.
Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
Nice quality, good features
Software included, print quality, scanner
on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
Std batteries  amp; memory  amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
Compact, many features, ease of use
You dont have to waste your money developing unwanted pictures.
Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
Small package delivers great performance
POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
Superior quality, easy to use, compact  amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
Inexpensive.
Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to use, battery life
Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
light, portable
Great price, quality printing
I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
No built in MP3 support.
may not be the newest or fastest
solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
Very easy to use
No GPRS, slightly complicated menu structure.
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
sleek look color printer
convenient, safe carseat, comfort
Mine was free, lightweight
lens cap, battery life, a little big
Battery life in talk mode
Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
slow, unresolved design, poor camera, poor viewing outside
Ink runs out quickly.
No where near the quality of other digital cameras
Date/Time too small.  Ear and Spkrphone volume too low.  Poor talk time.
2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
compact shape, totally quiet energy saver mode, great text output
When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
Picture quality is bad
It is phone, if you can get it to work.
X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
A bit expensive
less than crisp images
Excellent text printing, longlasting toner, no paper jams ever, small footprint, separate envelope feeder
Not very good range of clear speech.
Large screen
Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
Great quality output, quiet
weak ringtone , poor handfree   keypad   radio
Get overall camera
slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
convenience
Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails #9;
No Bluetooth
Weak battery, low battery warning indicator.
Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries  amp;amp; takes great pictures
Not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think of!).
Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
Crisp text
Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
Antenna is not too stable.
Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
Instructions almost non existent
Built-in flash has limited capabilities.  amp;#13; amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing images somewhat difficult.
Using the phone while plugged into the wall won't stop battery drain and eventual shutdown.
No sound for movies.
Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
Poor  construction, poor sound to people called. Difficult to use.
Excellent features for the price. A very good value camera.
Size, fits anywhere
vague manual
Great style   design for an older phone.
not great resolution, IT BROKE!
Verizon Disabled Features
good pictures, easy to use
good quality and color
Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
expensive but worth it
Higher purchase price
not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/c of the color LCDs
sometimes loss of signals
4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
Small Size, Fashionable Design, Fun Ring Tones
Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
horrible installation
None.
battery life could be longer
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
Rather big and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
NOTHING THAT I CAN FIND THUS FAR
Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
Shorter battery life, not many frills (if you care about those -I don't)
awesome
1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
Excellent print quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of use
Relatively High Ink Consumption, Cartridge Cost
Not that great for things other than texting
poor image quality, flash that thinks it's  amp;quot;intelligent, amp;quot; awkward to handle.
photo reproduction
Feeds 2 pages at once occasionally
got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
Optical Viewfinder can be dark in low light, no automatic lens cover.
cheap, reliable and small
Replacement ink cartridges
ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
might be pricey for some individuals
everything else
Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
Sturdy
Multi-functioning, print quality.
Antenna seems flimsy, but easy to replace if broken, Expensive Batteries! #13; #10;
Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
Sluggish firmware (compared to Nokia). #13; #10;Signal reception not better than Nokia. #13; #10;
Eats batteries alive, Don't like opening top
Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
Screws up computers, doesn't have a good quality picture
good size
Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
Cheap, small size, design
lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!!
easy storage on simple floppy
small, lightweight, easy to use
noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
Battery Life, durability, stubborn device, slow start up time, LCD is not 1.6!!!
slow printing, so so print quality
Compact, Color, Quality
Separate ink cartridges
Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
confusing controls
Very basic features
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
power hungry, small LCD
Batteries die fast
Expensive to own
Doesn't corner well, no basket.
voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
Free, Works good
Price, size, no case included
impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
none
Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
or you can say there's nothing good about it.
One of the most expensive inkjet printers
Poor low light performance, terrible lens cap, proprietary battery.
Should only be used as a PHOTO PRINTER!
Free
Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
Fantastic image quality
Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
great photo quality, fast, crisp b amp;amp;w
No Macro Function
low number of pages printed per minute
Slow to warm up, large size, printing a color photo is slow.
Features, and loads of them!
cheap, good print quality on special papers
No optical zoom, no sound on video record, flash lag, 8M memory card with purchase..
Great camera for the price and size!
Neat compact easy to use
Who wants to do all that stuff? It's way to complicated.
uses lots of ink
HP Quality
best digital camera for the money, fine quality
Accessories hard to find and still somewhat expensive.
Inexpensive, durable, compact
Pretty decent with quality of graphics
small enough to carry with you
Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
lt;b gt;Loves lt;/b gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
So easy to use, I didn't need the manual.
Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
Superb picture quality, ease of operation
Excellent size, good integration, stable
cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
minor inconveniences found in almost any stroller
Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
6 hours to charge the batteries!
Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently
The paper port does not have writer capabilities.
Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
Honestly have not encountered any
*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
Not compatible with Windows XP
Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only 9 melody rings to choose from
Printing Envelopes
Not much
Expensive accessories
Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options.
quiet and efficient
Lens cover/spring works funny
Still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life, Pricey, Palm-based
You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
size, easy to use, good screen
small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
Many features as standard, clear sound. Easy to use.
Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
Blue Light (enough said)
small screen size; slow remote syncs
Excellent display and sound, good range of features
Dismal battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
Good quality.
Picks up background noise, locks up, reception in fringe areas (with original firmware)
Not much room in the paper feeder
Outstanding value
very sharp photos
Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
Fast, quiet, and great quality
No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a bit better
Too large to wear comfortably, static
affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
difficult configuration
design and picture quality
Excellent display(s).
small, convenient, easy to use
no camera
good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact   Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
low resolution, short battery life
Small, efficient, easy to use
Non really.
Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
Everything from Style to Functionality
customer service accessible and helpful
Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
Dropped calls, Screen size small for Internet
A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos  dialing, low price, sharp resolution  design, light weight
Very inexpensive printer and ink
occasional problems with the print job not being sent
Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
None I've found.
Marketing
Versatile, easy to use
high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
No lens cover, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
Compact, Durable for the size, great reception.
A great Idea
Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
more expensive to print pictures
Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
If it only works
Can't control back light time on. #13; #10;Oval cursor TOO recessed for easy operation.
batteries need to be replaced often
Ring is a little low (I don't always hear it in my handbag).
Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit thick, and battery could last longer.
None
It was free.
Lack of interchangeable lenses.
Inadequate flash/red-eye, power consumption, relatively high price, slow response time
Cheap and good text printing
FinePix is right on the money
fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
Small, easy to operate, good service
Take Anywhere Size with full features
Picture quality
poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
customizable, Portable, durable
Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
Deleting bad shots takes too many steps
No macro mode, no lens cover, poor quality zoom
Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included amp;#13; amp;#10;
Camera
Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
Only USB connection to computer.
Mobile internet could be better
With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant,
Easy to use, excellect picture quality
The best looking phone I've seen
Fast at both text and color printing
Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
none
Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud enough even at maximum
battery life in my area, poor coverage
Easy to use, durable, great preview display
ziess lens, B amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
Nice picture quality
Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
Dropped calls, no number view when phone is closed.
None
No Back-light at night.
An excellent camera all round with many features
great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
No attached telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.
Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
Slim, many features for price
Con amp;#146;s amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Fairly large, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
Not as many manual options or bells+whistles as others
The Display Needs to be Bigger
Small, features, price, ok reception
none
takes pics
Nice look, good camera, feels like a phone, not a toy.
Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
Easy to use, good color quality, low price
Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
Poor color quality; mediocre text sharpness; does not print well with Win ME; slow.
Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use!
Overly sensitive to water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
no camera or mp3
Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
none
Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
Picture quality,  3 X zoom
short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
Reliable, compact, inexpensive
Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
Excellent camera for nearly all uses
Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!
Size, Battery Life,
print speed
Flip top easily broken; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
Not good on rough terrain
high price
Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
Larger than phones with comparable features
low radiation, low cost on phone
Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
Fast and great resolution
Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
Basket is hard to reach when car seat is attached
Limited zoom, special battery
Travel system, comfy, rides nice
none
incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
No Profiles, RF performance, slow menus.
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Print cartridge (print head) died within a year.
Small and affordable
Read my opinion
quick, easy to use, dependable
doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
Easy, good quality
with internal antenna the reception isn't as good as other models!
Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
Unbeatable price, high quality output
Good for people with credit problems
A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come with games.
small, clear sound, good batter life
Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
external blue light turns on for no reason
Great interface, great reception, lots of features, PC connectivity.
Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
Makes a great door stop!
not really a pocketable camera. Macro capability,Red eye
great for family use and business use
Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
global access
Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
Poor image quality
have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
No network port. No color. No cable in box
Easy to use
Nice look, low price
small, lightweight and easy to carry
Screen can be difficult in full daylight; Joystick occasionally sticks if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
Great photo quality. Easy to use point amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
none found
No AC adapter included
Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
design
none
Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
batteries run out quickly
No battery status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
None
Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. Can not feel vibrating in pocket.
Being able to  amp;quot;contain amp;quot; an active preschooler
compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
none
Cumbersome to use at times.
Looks nice
easy to use
cheap, fast
Exposure delay
Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
Compact and intuitive
only room for one cartridge at a time
Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
battery life
Amazing quality of pictures
Falls apart
None
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Hey NICE printer
service, price
none
large size
single band, dust
Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
everything
Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
Easy to use
very slow printing, gets jammed quite frequently, etc.
Easy to use, Easy to setup
Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound quality
Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
none
hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to poor voice quality
price effective, voice dialing feature
Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
Beautiful color quality
Quiet, fast, new design
Easy to use, crisp pics
battery life, smart media loads into battery area, no optical zoom
Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
Good quality for b/w
FAST,CLEAR
Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are common.
4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
Fast, very clear, very reliable
Expensive...
not very many features, basic LCD... not color!
rather bulky, loud keys, SLOW INTERNET speed
LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
Battery life/ flash settings
**too many to list - see above**
Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
fast, compact, east to load/unload ink
zero
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
clarity, connectivity
bad quality, poorly made
analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot Receive send OP logos,ringtones
seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
uhhh... I suppose the screen does eat battery.
Tiny
Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
Small, lightweight, includes good software
Prints great, no paper jams, compact size and design, easy to use
Polaroid reputation, price
Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
Great images, feature rich
Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
need a printer to get pictures right away
echo, can't tell the time if no reception, barely operates in analog mode
Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
A Combi, Can break if not careful, 3 point harness
None
Flush keypad can cause miss keying.
Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the wrong way.
Photos use a lot of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
Crippling hardware and software defects, short battery life, heats up uncomfortably during use, mediocre reception.
Speed, Build Quality
Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
If you can't get consistent sound on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2
warm up time ink usage
high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
Paper loader needs some work.
None!!!
NONE!
colour quality, speed
Bulky. The con that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
drivers caused problem with printer port, had to call tech support. But even that was a good experience in the end.
Not compatible with Windows ME
Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
None
uses batteries quickly
Easy To Use
Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer pictures
Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
Good for a first time digital camera user.
Phone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The touch screen is sensitive.
Price of ink cartridges
Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
none
none at this time
Better software is available than what is supplied.
zooms into only one part of the picture
Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
Light weight, killer zoom, high quality pics, video capability
Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
Cheap.
8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card.
Having to buy mouthly cards to charge it
small  amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
Battery life
Bulky
A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD. amp;#13; amp;#10;
floppy disk
Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
Easy to get connected, No credit needed
Corel incompatibilities
NONE
It IS a digital camera!
None
Ringer could be louder,flimsy antenna
Sub-par image quality, no optical zoom, you can get a better camera for less
Uses XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward place
Simple to use some good features
Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
Exhaust batteries too fast, time to reset for next shot, will let you take shots without enough light and not tell you
Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
not real sturdy/no power adapter
Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
loaded with features, 2x digital camera, lightweight and compact
Nothing
Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures,
lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
Expensive
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
short battery life
Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
Annoying if you are forgetful.
Reception, Volume Level, Battery indicator
First Generation Product Still Has Major Flaws
Wish it had an integrated lens cap
All-in-one, Price
Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
Haven't come across any yet.
USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
low light focusing is poor
not the fastest
Nice clean print.
Attempt at using refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
Power button somewhat hard to get at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
auto shut off is to fast
Ease of use. IBM microdrive support Instant gratification Capable of good quality pictures
beautiful; small   light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
N/A
Can't pick up a signal in areas a 5 year old Motorola StarTac will.
Battery life
double-sided printing, ease of use, low printer fluid warning light
Low annual cost, brilliant photo colors, sharp clear text.
A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
The lens cap setup could be better
NONE...it's a SONY digital!
compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
Can be frustrating at times
Minor things like cheap antenna, average battery life, confusing menu setup and an occasional echo.
Rather heavy and big
Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
Paper capacity
Cheap, small, lots of features.
Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
Slow image construction time. Requires heavy pressure for shutter button to register.
Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
No OEM installed hands-free accessory.
small sleek phone
handles 11x17 paper
prefer a covered keypad.
Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
Confusing to use
Battery Life and Design
Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.
can eat batteries, I never get a turn
Bad Quality, Not worth the low pricetag, opt for an HP
Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
not as high of mp as I would not like
Speed.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
Limited storage capacity
Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
Many seemingly nifty features
Noisy feeder, pretty big
Poor antenna power
older
4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
Durability.  Interface design.
Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
Great reception. Good ergonomics. Nice screen. Easy to use. Modest price.
Light, easy to use, Floppies
Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
None!
Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
Easy to use,light,big storage basket
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
now seems old technology
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Inexpensive, great pictures, movie clips, small size.
A little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big deal... :~)
5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Ease of use, clear  amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
Speaker phone, sound quality
Expensive Ink and Paper
the manual isn't very good
Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
I have None
drains batteries
good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
Low Price, fantastic quality of image, easy to use, lots of options
costly to run, printhead died 1 month after warranty
fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
Uses ink too quickly, cost of ink cartridges
staticy and choppy,a lot of drop calls,battery runs out quickly:(
Antenna seems fragile when extended, musical tones aren't "super loud"
Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
Antennae breaks easily, Poor reception
It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
Inexpensive
Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
Poor longevity.
Portable, easy to use
its higher in space needed
Delay in taking the picture after the shutter release is pressed.
Small screen, terrible voice dialing, bad swivel case
Good resolution, great features, small footprint
poor quality
Antennae breaks easily
?? Mine came with a gold cover, I would rather have a black one.
settings are confusing
Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset jack protective flap difficult to open.
mediocre sound, reception, quality.
Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
Bad cust. support, software flaws
way ahead of the competition - this is practically a Digital SLR!
simple, basic, easy to read directions
Bad function quality
Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
Many features, but easy to use
1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
Fast and Hassle Free Printing
Bejeweled will crash the phone eventually!
Everything
Can't find any yet
Antenna is on the weak side
Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
brakes must be set to fold and basket empty
Good Solid Camera for everyone.
Availability
Basket is a joke, Fabric tends to fade faster than other strollers I've seen.
Some limitations (like any camera), onscreen menus can be confusing
Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
Swivel lens, compact size
Low quality, washed out color, pricey
Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
Larger than flip style
poor quality pics, very slow
ink price
Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
Poor battery performance
Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
Not GSM 1800, really dense menus
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
Good print quality for average home users, small footprint, affordable.
bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
a bit spendy.
None that matter for real considering the overall value.
great quality, fast print speed
Small and free!
Very poor battery life
Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens
Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
price
does not have zoom
none so far
I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
No USB or Parallel cord provided.
everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Find them onsale, cheep, decent
The printer uses its ink very quickly
Very small and lightweight - great reception
photo is a bit lack luster
Cannot handle paper well.
autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
Clarity and Sound
Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
no color screen, on/off button, may be a little too small for some people
The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
Easy to use.
Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
Good text quality, works in DOS also.
Nice, Compact little camera
none
So small and light- makes difficult to hold on long calls
Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
Noisy
Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
None
Voice recording is great.
Good Printing Speed / Excellent Quality / Solid Construction / Easy Set-Up
Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
Phonebook menus could be better
LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
very poor battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
Poor battery life, huge size, poor features
For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
Discontinued model, but still available
VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
fast, easy, convienient
Color screen, ringtones
battery and phone book
Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
None so far except the annoying canned voice asking "who would you like to call?"
No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, No Longer Supported
No more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  Infuriating pop-ups.
Antenna sticks out a bit when on your belt.
pricey
Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
Plastic Keys, A bit on the bulky side
NONE
Price, LCD Display gets smudged
A little slow
can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
Poor quality pictures
Not truly 'photo-quality'
Cuts off when it wants too, less-than-desired battery power, shape is uncomfortable in my hands.
SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
no low ink light, jams occasionally
excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
arrow keys can be hard to use
Accessories are a little pricey.
Excellent print quality and ease of use.
Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
Lightweight and compact, clear reception
Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2 amp;quot; floppy disks
price, picture quality,
No blue tooth, no zoom in or flash function on camera.
Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast
Fragile-Looking, Not Fully MODable.
price and 8 megs of memory
Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
charger stand, manual, navigation buttons,
convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
Slow print time
Hand feel, functionality, performance, internal antenna, changeable covers.
Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
Voice dial, high number holding capacity
sports,
Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
Short battery life
Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
As usual, cost of ink
Bulkier than some newer phones
none
Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
The drum kit burns light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable wont' work.
black and white text not as good, color shift problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level areas)
The lens cover gets in my way.
Slight Lag Between Pictures and Not Forgiving Of Shaky Hands.
Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email,  amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
Prints slow
n/a
Sleek, simple, quick, quiet
No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp
Very easy to use with quality pictures.
close shot not easy to get a good one
A little pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that sharp.
Price, weight
Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want,
Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large  easily accessably keypad
colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
Not super fast
ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip phones, two leather cases both did not work!
Battery life, no manual focus.
Many features.
No serial connector.
Lousy reception.
Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
Smaller phone with all the features
Speed, Color Quality
Small, lightweight and excellent photos
Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
nothing
Blue bg color, nice compact size.
Not enough accessories
does work w/ WIN XP
Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
great pictures good price
What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
difficult to install drivers
Too large and heavy for travel
paper handling
Prints documents fast
Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is a bit hard to understand
Price, print quality, ease of use
Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom
Extremely Portable amp;#13; amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio amp;#13; amp;#10;
They should have included a USB cable
indestructable, 3 way calling, loud ringer, comes with belt clip
Compact, value, resolution
Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
Poorly placed buttons, bad phone book, long, expensive accessories
Front Paper Tray
High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
Very delicate. horrible signal quality, slow moving thru the menus
4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
An absolute battery hog
speed, ink
unusable picture quality, poor battery life, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
None
Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
Expensive ink
Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
Battery Life is short!  Sound is mediocre.
microprocessor unreliable
Great reception and clear sound
Great price
Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
didn't keep it long enough to find out
none really
Battery recharges directly on camera.
no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
Great quality...
Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
need coated, costly paper and high res for good quality printouts, noisy and slow
Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
removing ear-piece from handset is hard.
faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
slow printing on highest detail.
great colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, games, keypad nice and big
Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
graphics quality, requirement for lots of computer memory
cost
pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
Clear and Simple
Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
too new to find one
It is cheap.
2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
True photo quality, edge to edge printing + more
good
Color screen, small size, "cool factor," features, etc...
cost of the ink.
Quality of picture
decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
Bad battery life, plug location
Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
Low cost, ease of software use, compact
Very poor reception,small keys, battery is location, Pic resolution
Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
Small, attractive, has good games
Carl Zeiss Lens, many "pro" features, Great price, Night framing/Night Shooting, Extremely flexible,
cost
takes great pictures
Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, style
Bad reception, low ring volume.
Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
Safe! Simple! Cheap!
Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
Good reception. Looks pretty.
Pricey at initial roll-out.
Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
Poor voice quality
Ink Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
Average battery life. No WAP.
Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece sound
Low resolution text, pale color, slow
place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
Weak flash
Sort of ugly
smallish size
No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
I cant think of one.
Weight, Sony Warranty
eats batteries. small CF card
cost, ear bud for hands-free kit.
Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk)
excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
Yikes is it noisy!
None yet
Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
Its connections
Good phone at a Great Price that can be upgraded via software.
None
slow
Fast and Reliable
Does everything well.
drops calls
Very simple, good quality, and great value.
None yet
Big and Heavy.
Extremely easy to use
small, light and loaded
s-l-o-w scanning
Talk time is decreased (possibly to the new style battery)
- excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
Low resolution
Battery life is very short
Unavailability of service in areas
The camera can use a litter better resolution
No audible beep when keys are pressed for accessing voice mail, etc...
Mine didn't come with a memory card
Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
Lightweight, easy to use
Metallic blue color is appealing.
Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
None that I've experienced
GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
design flaws and missing features, marginal image quality
Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Terrible reception
Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
8 meg memory card, no video/audio recording
none
Poor paper handling, jamming
Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  Battery use annoying sometimes.
Very light and good reception
Good value for unit cost.
slow
SLOW--wastes time and money
Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
None
Size, Cartridge Cost
Fast,quality prints b amp;w prints at a good price.
high resale value
Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
a little expensive, but it's worth it
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
No Lens Cover, Lacking Advanced Features, Digital Zoom needs Improvement
Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
Unable to download wallpaper.
Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
Inexpensive Digital Pictures
sound quality, no customizable ring tone
Good menu selection and features
Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
none yet
Great battery life
Smallest available, great function
The quality is fine for a home printer.
big stroller
Cheap
5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
price
expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
No rechargeables, only? 2.8x zoom
Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
Great features, nice interface, reliable
A little pricey right now.
Vivid pictures and photographic prints
bulky
Cost, Performance, and Quality
Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
Price, icons on LCD screen are small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $200  accessories
Price, picture quality, size
Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
Mediocre picture quality
Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
On the noisy side
VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their name to blink on the display!
JAMS, JAMS, JAMS what more can I say.,
Cheap service
It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
battery life, no address book synching
red eye with flash
Lots of features, sounds like a regular phone, adorable, compact, and fun
Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
This phone has many issues!
Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
easy to use, good pictures, affordable
Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
USB port, economical, speed, high quality
Looks cool.
cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
Great battery life and highly affordable
Not a very 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
none
ring tones, not highly atractive.  #13; #10;
Unbeatable prints
Does not come with AC Adapter
Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
2 For 1
no zoom, poor quality with flash
Faceplates aren't easily changable
4 way navig. buttons hard to use, macro capability not what I expected
Works poorly indoors
Strange noises worry me.
great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction
useless small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
Uses batteries quickly
Tons of Features
Small size #13; #10;Many features
Affordable Laser Printing
Battery Life
A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
Slow, high battery consumption rate.
16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
Durable, sleek
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
hard to delet pics
No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more space) small LCD screen.
easy to use
fair reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
Ease of Use, Quality, Features
Great price for features
Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
multiposition camera lens
Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
Price, Price, Price
Excellent Camera
Big Beautiful Prints. Super Speedy. Six Ink Tanks. Replaceable Print Head. Up to 13x19 prints.
none
Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
Only comes with a 16MB card
No need to carry 2 items (PDA   phone); wireless web that is useful
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
Nice size, Good quality photos, Solid build, Good quality video
Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
Too little optical zoom
light, portable, stores images to floppy
Lag from when you press the button.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least),   rubberized coating for easy grip
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
Just one
Low cost, easy set up
Doesn't come with cables
Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
Printer head had to be replaced twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
poor durability, not a world phone
slow, bad color reproduction
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
Breaks very easily, Can't change faceplates, confusing options menu
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
No fax or auto-feeder
Poor software
no vibrate, Short battery life.
Lacks a zoom lens.
Small, Colorful LCD,easy to use
Great reception and excellent battery life
small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
eats batteries quickly
Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
Delay in capturing image, battery
Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
auto-focus can be finicky
Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones   lots more
None yet.
Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
Purple does not print well.
A little noisy.
Quality text and photo images
Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
This printer is a great starter printer.
price
Its slow and produces very low quality.
Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
slow focusing, small displays
battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
limited resolution; flash
Inaudible ringer, poor battery
Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be turned off by color scheme.
loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited.
It Lies To You
It has everything!
May not allow enough room for taller child in weight range
incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
many problems, print quality not great
None so far
Sharp Pictures
Large screen, easy menus, good signal
Confusing software, short battery life.
poor range; poor workmanship
Too expenseive
Works in Europe
Menu system is awkward, IRda support in Windows 2000/XP?
Lots of features for the price range.
no floppy flash disk
zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
long download times
Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
slow printing
Voracious appetite for batteries
Battery usage
Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have bought the EX-Z3.
nice size and 'fit' in the hand
no video clips
Expensive, battery life
Expensive.
Offers superb printy quality
Low cost, small size, lightweight, fast
*very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.
Definetly worthwhile for the price
Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
AMAZINGLY poor image quality
Rather expensive for the picture resolution.
Can't print 11x17 like the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and costs extra
So many GREAT features I can't get to them all!
Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
Small size, multiple features
Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
lousy battery life, confusing LCD controls
When it is working, it is spectacular.
expensive, complicated menu functions
takes a few moments to change ink cartridges
lightweight, easy use
None
No games included, Not bluetooth compatible.
Software glitches, occasional crashes, hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
limited photo resolution, lens placement
Reliable, fast black ink printing
none for the price
Dropped calls, delayed answering, calls not going through the first time.
Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
battery life,massive storage.
lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
Short battery life, hard to see screen in daylight.
OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menus are slow
battery life less than expected
None
Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
Price, ease of use, quality
Great for close up
price (will soon be obsolete), optical viewfinder, durability and quality
Quality Problems
Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
Sharp images, inexpensive
small memory
Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim   GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
nice price, easy interface, many features
no cons
No cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
None yet, other than that it isn't a good text printer.
Cheap, simple.
EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
speed, $ for ink refills and price
not enough battery life
TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
slow battery charging speed
Close-up capability
no lens strap, supplied Smartmedia card
It's small and looks cool.
Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
Great camera for a great price
prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
Went crazy WAY too soon.  All messed up.
-Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
The speed could be a little better
Great displays, lighted keys, reasonable battery life, comfortable and substantial feel in hand.
Excellent color output, easy to use, solid color technology
One cartridge, rather than dual.
It's pretty.
Lightweight, Sturdy, Great Options
none
Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
Portable, nice in service range
Great Camera for the Price
Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
color is too expensive
easy and small
gadget options, design
Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
size, tons of features, good warranty
Relatively cheap
Not as sharp as some new inkjets
ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery life
Simple perfection
Not true photo quality, Epson ink is expensive
Small design, convenient address book.
NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
1200x1200 res
Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
annoying rings and it's flimsy
Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
Nice and flashy 3.5 amp;quot; disk for film
None
Compact
Print quality is poor.  Slow
Easy to use and good text printing
None
Frequent Battery Charging
None that I can think of for the price
Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
No auto-answer unless using car kit, alert beeps are watch-like and easy to miss.
Small and easy to use
Earpiece sucks!
Printer cartridges are expensive
camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
awesome look,feel and design
cheap. voice dialing
Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
battery life
Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
Good graphics, loud enough, game
8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW  amp; TIFF images,
Picture quality in low light
No apps. included
uses lots of batteries
Unlocked Version is Quirky and Unfriendly
Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
image quality, value,ease of use
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
toddler not restrained enough
quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
Nice printing quality
Quality, paper handling, speed.
Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
you must push a series of buttons to get flash
price, easy answer
Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
Menu interface, documentation, support
No external caller ID (this would make it perfect!)
See above
easy to use, low price, decent quality
Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
- Inexplicable software bugs
Major paper feed problems
Shopping around for the best price
cheap, reception,, features
Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
Small, extremely light, good voice quality, good reception
great color, easy to use
HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
haven't found any
Great looking pictures up to 8X10
Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use, amp;#13; amp;#10;good for the price. amp;#13; amp;#10;
This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
The box can be used to store other stuff.
Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
10x Zoom lens, Many features
great value at a low price
Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
Price
Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, lousy signal reception and poor battery life.
That little rubber flap covering the left side
Short zoom
Some awkward menus, shorter battery life than expected.
Price/Performance, typical HP quality
Easy to use with good results
Seems to get a lot of red-eye
Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
weight, form factor, backlight
Cons: see  amp;#147;a few concerns amp;#148; below amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
High price and limited use with the palm pilot
PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
Great phone voice quality, Very good MP3 player, Excellent camera, Large memory capability.
Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor call quality.
Will not hotsync consistently it loses its usb port assignment upon reboot.
Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
none
Cool looking, great color, nice features
Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
bad paper feed, poor print quality
none that I can recall
keys are small and sensitive,many menus to step through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
Small size
Images taken using the flash
Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
Minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some features.
Compact, cheap and dependable.
Terrible clarity
It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
None so far.
Good print quality
Plain exterior
No flash.
Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
expensive, large size can make in hard to move
Good Quality pictures
High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
Might seem confusing to first time users.
Nothing I can think of at the moment.
No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
easy to use.
Inexpensive.  Easy to use. Prints well.
Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
Features, size, display and data connectivity.
Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
battery life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
Ringers can be distorted, unless you hack it, prepare to pay Verizon for options
no camera case!
Good Quality
There are plenty!
It's old now.
read below
none
Noisy, but not unbearably so
none
AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" notice frequently
Cannot use flash when recording videos.
HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
Economical rate plan
The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
Print quality and speed dramatically improved from our old printer
Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built,
Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
excellent picture quality
Great picture. Small and sleek.
Not bad for a cheap inkjet
Battery life, limited zoom, should at least come with a carrying case.
None
Should have included an AC adapter and Case
none its very reliable
It's an all in one.
poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
Great picture quality and ease of use.
Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
No power switch.
excellent photo quality and easy to use
Great Size
Major driver problems
Too big, heavy and hard to manuver
Speaker phone not perfected yet.
Packed with features for the price
Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
Wakes the neighbors when you turn it on
Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
Battery life extremely short
Deer in the headlight looks with indoor shots. Focus slow and hard to keep.
Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
none
Gotta find a belt clip somewhere
I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
Sleek, compact, performs well
none as of yet
Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
A Great all around Product
Does not print photos very well
Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.
crazy manual. not as pretty as some other phones out there. kinda big.
everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
Fast and very good color and b/w printouts, simple to use, $$ friendly
Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
Price
none!
Flip-phone style, ease of use
EZ 2 Use
Poor OCR software, Ink Consumption
compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
Flawed, gaps in casing.
New problem every month.
BATTERY LIFE SUCKS, no microphone for movie mode, takes 10 seconds to turn on, PhotoShop would have been nice
NONE
Removable diskette and quick charge battery
OS beyond terrible, its designers should be forced to empty a pool with a sieve.
Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
easy to use
Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
None, other than size of camera. amp;#13; amp;#10;
The quality of the images!
hard to push in the grass
Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
None yet
Crash, crash, crash.  drop call, drop call, drop call. Erratic coverage. System bugs
Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
Flimsy Antenna
n/a
a little bulky
Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics  amp; a real beauty
Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
Size, very problematic, ink cartridges are expensive!
Cheap and effective
Continuous advance; Color, B amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
Small size
Lightweight and compact.
Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
None
Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
Uses lots of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
Easy to use, images are nice quality
Call quality is not the best. None else!
Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
- small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
Not as fast as I would like
fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery  amp;quot;hog amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
Text browser, ringer bug
Analog.  Fragile antenna.
The new software upgrade
This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
the reception in buildings
High quality printouts (text  amp;amp; graphics), fast
Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
No media player music when you close the phone.
It is very comfortable for the child.
Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
Out of the box digital camera
battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
Battery life, predictive text input, sleek appearance, voice dialing.
Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
Easy to use long battery life.
high ink Cost.
slow
Small footprint; Easy paper loading
Everything
Good color, cheap, easy to use with a nice user interface.
compact
does not hold a lot of paper
size, design, functions, compatibility
low light pics need manual setting,
It was free...
small, light, cute
good design/menus/buttons
none
Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
Quality Digital Format
slightly large and bulky as well as costly, but well worth it
can't hold a lot of paper
Pocket-sized
Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
It's easy to use even for children.
Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
Tri band #13; #10;BT, IR   GPRS #13; #10;Small size #13; #10;Good battery autonomy
low cost
Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
cheap
Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
none that I can think of
Not always readibly accessible when on train going to office and returning home.
Very compact design, great picture quality.
Mine is under the Vivitar brand name ,but the same camera !
too long to load pictures, too long to print
Expensive
not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
Battery, screen, camera, organizer
Paper jams if paper tray blocked
Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
waist belt difficult to unfasten
Attractive appearance
No soft-power on, single cartridge design
Battery life, no roaming
Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
Understated
No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
Size, features, reception, style
Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
Good Price
Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
comfortable to use, many well-developed features
minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
Can handle some abuse, large buttons
Small and light weight
master of none
Average battery life, a bit bulky, comes with small memory card, expensive accessories
Good Quality prints and easy setup.
Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
purple fringe, must stay still for clear pix
Easy to download images on any computer.
Sound quality is awful
the cost ?
Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
Small size, user friendly, better reception, ring tones
easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
If keypad lock is on and you bump the slide open a little, it unlocks.
Lack of durability of case finish
roomy, great fabric
Way too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, can't print on both sides of the page
Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
Very poor reception, drops calls all the time!
Looks good on the outside
AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
Only 1 color (Teal).   #13; #10;Expensive   #13; #10;Speakerphone feature needs work  #13; #10;Voice recognition needs work
Supplied software is awful, no Mac support
Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
Inexpensive, picture quality good
great idea, easy to fold
HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
Comfortable and small, nice positioning of earpiece and mike.
Warm up time
Front "mirror" gets dirty, charger can be annoying, no analog mode
It's not as cool looking as the 8890
None really.
features, rugged, price, quality construction
Had to load the print driver three times before it worked properly.
It receives far too much flak from people
economical, good close ups
Easy to use.
picture definition, nice look
unbelievable images
Young there is none!
Talk time not as long as advertised
No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
image quality
None so far
Works just about everywhere, light weight, battery life
Easy to use
No removable media, No flash, Low resolutions
Price, quality, ease of use
Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
Hmm well does not break when falls
Floppy disk as storage media
Color faceplates, ring features, good size
small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
Adaptors needed for different memory cards
Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
quality pictures
Compact and Sleek,Features
Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
Endless paper jams
Small basket
Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
bad reception
Easy to set up,easy to use
Excellent camera
Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
Good pics,price and easy to use.
Very heavy and takes up too much room
warning the ink is running out
Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too small
No camera, no pre-loaded games, not multi-country useable.
Not the highest quality.
Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months  lt;b gt;images are soft lt;/b gt;
A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
none
Great screen, nice keyboard, Symbian O/S, lots of memory and expansion possibilities.
Only the size.
Hard to find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
Battery life seems to suffer unless you remove the battery while not in use.
Excellent Colors, AA Batteries,low picture noise
It is not a good phone.
Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
Reliability is horrendous
Easy to use and yet complete control
Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great!
Looks nice, works well for a while.
Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
Does it all and does it well
LCD SCREEN DOES NOT WORK AFTER A FEW MONTHS!
The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, good paper.
Small, many cover options, text messaging
great quality printouts on photos  amp;amp; text
Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
small, light, good resolution, well priced
8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.
Great prints
Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
Picture quality, design, features
Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for some
eats AA batteries fast
pretty
LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
LCD Screen power consumption
Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
Not enough people have this printer
Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
- Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge,
QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
my 4th canon in 3 years
Expensive ($700) amp;#13; amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC amp;#13; amp;#10;
No flip top
Maybe the cost for the poor rug rats.
Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
Good quality black and white.
Great Photo Quality
Small, many features, voice-activation
none
Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
expensive
Easy controls, durable build
cheap, long-lasting
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
Looks sharp nice display lots of features
Extremely noisy, poor paper handling, uses ink quickly
Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
Pretty big for trunk, squeaky wheels
larger  footprint than some printers
Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
Cheap, very easy to setup
AF misses sometimes at 4x in macro regime
poorly designed function index
Great signal, durable, compact
Switch needed to be replaced.
Great Image quality
Have dropped it a bunch of times with no repairs needed
Sprint PCS system is overloaded
battery life, upload time
Ease of handling and high resolution
Unreliable voice-mail alert
Great looks, quality and price!
Solid, quiet, dependable, easy setup
Small size, state-of-the-art features, dual display, excellent sound quality, sturdy construction, good looking, good value.
Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
Tech support is superb - but you'll pay for the call
Good Quality
None that I have found
slow compared to some other printers
Battery only lasts 2 hours
should have bought it sooner
Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
SMALL EASY TO CARRY
Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included)
Easy, many controls
No speaker phone. Fear it will be outdated quickly as other manufacturers try and copy.
Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
Size, Price
sleeky,good
Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
flimsy construction
no zoom
spotty coverage, not cool looking, hard to program
Flip phone, colour screen, camera
Kind of bulky in size
large paper tray, fast and crisp output
photo quality, compact, durable
None that I can think of.
Old technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
great print quality, price
Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
none
Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
Multi uses
8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
Easy to use
The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
Funtion
Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
many
Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
Bulky, no outside display, ugly green backlight, no features, bad ringers, cannot download
Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
Pricey ink
High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
good solid camera with floppy disk option
Office applications, Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Notes Synchronization, and Microsoft Office compatibility.
High 4 MB resolution, fully dedicated hot shoe, viewfinder versatility, great Canon optics!
Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
Competition display and features
easy to use, cheap media
no zoom, no brace.....
first-generation bugs, expensive
Shakes a little too much
You get what you paid for....
Excellent Photos!
Price; printed documentation; printhead locking lever; rear manual feed tray.
Good Quality Printing, Great Price
Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
Not many faceplates are out in stores and malls yet..No other Cons
quality print
Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
short battery life, but quickly recharges
Ease of use, price
Great photo print quality; fast print times
Flimsy?
Battery life could be better.
Small, Loaded with features, easy to use, fun to play with
no parent tray
doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
Not many games #13; #10;No alarm function (not that important)
Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
Still confused on how to write back using ping pong messaging
Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
small size, load of features
Quality,Price
Good looks and excellent sound quality
easy
Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
External caller ID. That's about it.
Can't turn off the auto dictionary in messaging.
Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
Great Color, low price Parallel Port
great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
Poor antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
free gift from gateway
Goes through batteries quickly- invest in a battery charger.
Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
Cheap; doesn't jam
lack of a LCD
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Voice mail too hard.
I'll let you know.
Slow, EXPENSIVE ink
Thickness of the phone, lacks speaker phone, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive pictures).
none
Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
COLORs- short shell life
Very user friendly, great close-up capabilities
display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
You only get what you pay for.
Compact,nice color display, durable.
On/off switch not always easy to use.
Poor battery life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
maneuverability, versatility
Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
Very sleek look; quality build
This model has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
versatility, quality of pictures
Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
Have had many problems with it
Dimensions, Features
there are cons?!
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Ink smears and ink blots
usb connection needed
So many features, huge colorful screen
easy to learn to use
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
ink runs out quick
Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
cheap
See Review Above
Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
Brain Tumors
Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
reliability
the memory stick that comes with it is too small
memory sticks are expensive
Very comfortable to use.
Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
Good resolution  amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
Doesn't print too often.
The cases of the phone are limited in color.
Clarity of photos, ease of use
Slow as hell
Disk Storage  amp;amp; Ease Of Use
Downloads   Design!
Inexpensive and light weight.
Not many choices feature wise
A little big, comes only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
great, crisp photos.
Too many adapters to get used to
It works! It's the future! It's here now!
incredible output
Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
Very expensive
easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
Compact size, lots of programming options
Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
Just about everything else... Read and discover...
battery life, reception
none at this time
Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
Runs smoothly, rugged.
Easy directions, great size
Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions
Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, slow
BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
Easy to use, Uses floppy disks, no extras needed to get up and clicking
questionable quality, not so great attena
Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
Crashes (but saves data)
Small screen, medium battery life
Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
Only 4 images per disk at highest res
very easy to use
Limited use in dark conditions. No memory expansion.
Quality of Prints!
Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
Antenna breaks easily. Operating System is flaky. Poor reception. Phone directory searching sucks.
Constant PAPER JAMS
Full Featured - Easy to Use!
None whatsoever
Have to swap out cartridges (black/photo)
Pricey
Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
High quality images, Size, ease of use
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
battery consumption, picture storage time
Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
bulky
Great quality for the money
-Camera phone
Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; Sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
Not made for photographs
Superior print quality, fast speed, sturdy  amp;amp; durable
Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
too light
Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
Your number shows up as private when you call someone, until you change that.
Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
Lightweight, small, great webcam
none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
so many functions that all work great
small screen for mobile web
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
call quality, size weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
great quality, nice printing abilities
Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
Cable is separate purchase
No camera, internet service is slow
Don't buy for it's scanning capabilities...
High print cost, not dependable
Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
Small, easy to read, text messaging, great silent mode, usually static free
great quality, amazing detail
reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
Excellent signal and reception, screen is sharp, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-use voice dialing, great battery life.
great picture quality, easy to use
Good for home use. Faster than some others
Inexpensive
Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
life like printing colors
Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
Slow in colour printing
ease of use
low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button.,
point amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
no clips or carriers exist that allow you to see who's calling without removing first
Print quality of graphics not the brightest
Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
small, light, long battery, direct-connect
HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
You might forget you have it on.
Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
battery is fast empty
Noisy, poor color output, annoying installation
Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
Converges phone and PDA - no more carrying two devices, speakerphone, excellent sound quality.
Needs a lot of light
Limited (and very bad) ring tones, too much money for this phone
None
poor image quality
none
Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
No MP3 or GPS
Not as fast as the 800 series HP printers
Great quality, low price, easy to replace the ink cartridges
Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
Web Enabled
Batteries don't last long, Time in between picture shots.
Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
Long time to take picture
video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
Paper Expense, Noise
It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries  amp;#13; amp;#10;
Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
lightweight, easy to use,
light weight and uses a floppy disc
Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
More Pixels to Pesos
Small and light weight.
Sub standard quality for all features
Comes with a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
Small and surprisingly durable
Quality Point and shoot, Olympus lens, Tiff and panorama features
Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
Expensive ink cartridges.
Only single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
Ring tones, Pictures, Battery, Battery, Battery....
A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
not very big
It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams.
Nice Size, Easy to Use
Tech support virtually non-existent;
Not great battery life
accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat heavy
Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow response in menus
Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
Affordable
a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
looks cheap
Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space amp;#13; amp;#10;
Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
Antenna, Small Buttons
difficult to use, high rate plans
Image quality, Functionality, Design
Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
Quality of pics, size, weight
short battery life, fragile to carry around
the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
poor reception, unreliable, poorly made.
zoom lens
Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
Easy to use and install, good quality.
small basket
Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
Ease of use, floppy disk format
Bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
Huge storage basket, entertaining toys in front, fits most infant carriers
Will not vibrate and ring at same time
5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
Cannot download saved names
Close ups get a little blurry.
Must be technologically literate!
good price
-rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
speaker-phone, well-designed
Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
durability and reception
Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
it has a flash
Just use a floppy disk
Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
great quality
Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
too many to list
Menu interface could be easier to use
Addictive!
Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
none
Olympus customer service, camera reset  amp;quot;feature amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
VERY short battery life, no outside display
Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other.,
Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
must purchase vibrating battery separately for $80
LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
Battery life, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
Speed
Color screen resolution, easy to navigate, loud ringer, mobile internet capability, free second battery
can't think of any
Great Photos and two side printing
Very low battery life
Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a built-in camera.
Can be costly to get the most out of it
Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
limited memory
no zoom
A bit slow when printing with color
Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
Slightly Top-Heavy
10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
pretty good value
Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
none
Photo Quality Prints
Works great when outside.
Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu,
No color display, games are a little boring
Depending on your provider, price can get pretty steep
Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
Kind of boring
great photos, easy to use
Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
A Bit Bulky
Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
Makes me strangely happy.
Battery Life. 3.5 amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
Light, small, keys covered, many options.
If you want to spend more, you can get more resolution and memory.
Very nice Pictures
Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, antenna is a tad big.
cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
Annoying paper jams.
I had good coverage with Cingular.
Poor outdoor light handling, slow shutter speed, no macro feature and no case.
Some common functions hard to access
None that I've found
sound clarity, keyboard size
batteries don't last when using high draw modes
Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
loud
Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
eats batteries;
Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
Must have software running, no legal paper copies
Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
not the most modern looking phone, no color screen, average battery life
Viewfinder; well designed
Easy to use combination of car seat and stroller; comfortable for baby.
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints  amp;#13; amp;#10;
Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
none
Cost? (not really)
Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
$$$ Price
Price of cartridges
slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
Cheap, small, fast
Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
nothing
No zoom, lack of wrist strap, 13-hour charger.
Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
Easy, quick  amp;amp; fast turn around!
Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
Battery life is horrible!
Looks cool
Not flashy.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth gear.
poor battery life
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Slow operation of shutter trip
Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
Way to hard to charge!!
Slow, expensive ink cartridges, and bad paper jams.
Great print Great price
Looks great,works great, easy to use
Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dots on very close inspection.
none
- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
The best reception I have ever had. So many features.
Great pictures.
Dirt cheap quality.
Not the best
Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
Many features for one low price, quiet operation.
Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
Price, output quality
nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
???
Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
Eats Batteries Like Crazy
No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
Good price, great zoom, SLR  "feel", good docs, lightweight, easy controls
EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use,
Flimsily built and so-so quality
Decent quality, nice for home use as an all-in-one machine
see above.
HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Everything!  The quality is amazing!
Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
N80 body, USB,
Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
cheap and small
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding paper.
Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
Good for a short while.
Color Copying quality and options amp;#13; amp;#10;Color Printing quality amp;#13; amp;#10;
Great quality,low cost,fast printing
missed calls, not sturdy
Antenna. 'Nuf said.
Great for the global business man
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
Haven't discovered any as of yet
Ink not available everywhere.
Big, Noisey  amp; Ink Thirsty
None, really
decent battery life.
Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
bulky and hard to handle when closed
Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, weak battery life, mediocre reception
Batterylife,dock sold separately
Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight   Durable design
Kind of bulky
The keypad buttons sometimes don't work when you press them.
none i have found
Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size Compact flash memory  card
I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data port.
price, quality
takes great pictures
size of screen for the farsighted
Cost of cartridges
Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
Nice pictures
Software instability.
Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
more stylish, lots of accessories, text messaging, customizable features
Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
great price and free accessories w/high resolution
expensive toner cartridges
Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
Ring tones are plenty loud enough but sound distorted on the highest setting
High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates.
Colored screen. Lots of fancy stuff like wallpaper, etc.
Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
Unlimited storage
Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
Different choice of covers
Button cover pops off, hard to cut on and off.
freezes up sometimes
PC Sync is somehow hard to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
Slim line battery has a short life #13; #10;
too expensive for a toy
Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
None
none so far
Excellent ease of use, fast printing and a sleek easy to use design.
bad price
RECEPTION!
Ease of use, color view screen
hard for HP lovers to transition over to
Even more spiffy features! amp;#13; amp;#10;
Hard to find ink
no flash  amp; you lose all your pix if the battery goez dead .
Topmost buttons a bit hard to press, not a major thing though.
makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
Excellent quality printer. Quick and easy to set up.  Large paper tray.
Ink doesn't last long...and...You gotta read the manual!
Easy to use
flimsy, short handles
quality prints-software great-good use of ink
Total failure just out of warranty.
On button is small.
$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
High Rez, Smart Style and Features
Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
reception, whats reception. volume needs major improvements. needs to have separate ringer.
picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
Excellent pictures, great software
Difficult On/off switch, short backlight duration, poor reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
Good image quality; battery life
Multiple functions, software bundle
None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
Have yet to find a Con
size!, easy of use, cuteness
If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
Very easy setup and installation
Nikon quality Lens,  many features
Clear Pictures - Easy to use
reception/camera
Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
affordable, easy setup
speed and cleaning
None
Low battery life, no audio for video
Small size, great photos.
Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
Replacement part not available for sale.
It folds in half
cheap, poor quality, messy
Size, features, ease of use, durability
Just wish it has WAP...
heavy, not easily cleaned.
Has lasted a few years
light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
Great pictures!  Nice battery
Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
slow computer = slow uploading of images
Good battery life
Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
Size, speed, stylish, affordable
Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
Light, Small, Inexpensive
Outdated
none
Reception, battery life
Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
Durability, size, zoom, options
Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to  amp;quot;fine tune amp;quot; picture taking
not many accessories
Compact, affordable and easy to use
Overall Good Camera for the $$
could'nt find one
Small, light, solid construction
Prints too slow
Great quality for the money
none
Awful LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
picture quality, cost
Quality
More fragile then any other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
No rechargeable batteries amp;#13; amp;#10;Two  amp;#145;hot pixels amp;#146; in my night time shots amp;#13; amp;#10;Lens cap amp;#13; amp;#10;
Easy to Use
Generally slow operation
Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
no optical zoom
Poor antenna design. Can give you shocks while charging.
Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
Optical zoom, battery life, size
Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
tiny, simple, sleek
EVERYTHING
Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
No joy stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
Little pricey, would like a bigger display
Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
None found, yet
Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
battery eater, hooky program
Color menus, stylish style, size
Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
High Cost, A bit slow, A bit bulky, but storage of photos is A+.
clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
Nice and compact
poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
volume is too soft, lots of dropped calls, undue static, and lack of features
Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a little weak, archaic phone book setup.
no color screen, not too many features,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
Excellent Color
Hard to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
software problem ,ring tones not load enough ,
Defective and the quality?
Fades and falls apart
Horrible speakers, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
Compact, Good Looks, and Kewl Backlight
Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
zoom, rapid shoots
Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
Print quality, rather slow
Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
Jams with specialty paper; uses ink quickly; just average for text
None
Not the best quality photos
Doesn't show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST features
Wireless web browser is slow and sometimes unreliable.
light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
fast  amp; clear printing
none
Stalls computer.  Expensive.
No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
Small size and Calender with reminder option features are great,
Unreliable   unintuitive.
Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small size.
camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
Ink is a little expensive
2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
a very handy piece
sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
light weight,and priced right
Inexpensive digital zoom that stores on a floppy
slow color printing, runs out of ink quickly
Eats batteries, no optical zoom
Costly ink cartridges, so-so printing on plain paper
drains batteries quickly
Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
price, battery life(as is with all cameras,try to use the screen as little as possible.)
Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
You must download drivers for windows xp
No LCD.  Menus are less than clear.
good photo printing
Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
Great, portable printer with better than average results
Great Colour Screen
small screen for mobile web
Smallish Buttons
small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
quality, size, reliability
Phonebook, some of the default settings (explained in my review)
Nice camera BUT!!!
bad View finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
Lots of features
Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
Maybe too much of everything
speed, price
A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
UK Price barrier maybe - but worth it!
Speed
Great Quality Printer
No flash, no viewfinder!
None really.
slow fixed focus lens (=average image quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
For my use there are very few - close-ups only 20 cm
None
It doesn't perform like a southern link radio!
VERY low resolution.  Will not take good enough pics for eBay or email
None, yet, except maybe that it isn't free
You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button,  amp; big footprint
Easy to lose because of its small size!
Software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
It's blue.
Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories are available (yet.
Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
Great features, flash, LCD display,
Fantastic photo prints, and very quiet.
ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
Noisy when you first turn it on.  Bad color quality when printing to photo paper!
Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
Thick, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
Shuts itself off on occasion, without warning
none to speak of
large unit, costly ($2500)
takes great photos
Easy to use, quality pictures
Small Paper Feed, Noisy
none so far.
User friendly, many features like the 8260 series phone
Easy to use. Nice and small.
Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
The package itself, a little tacky, could look better.
if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come cheap
Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
None
GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
Picture sizes
Inexpensive, fast printing
Like I said before .. It prints great
easy to use
I am now waiting for my fifth replacement.
price, quality prints
Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
compatibility issues and Telus
Features, battery life
Good for beginners (kids)
I haven't found any.
Uses a lot of ink
LCD screen drains batteries
can only print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
High priced
It's an HP
wish it had more zoom
Separate color tanks
Signal is so poor, gives me a headache
price.
Expensive, useless basket.
Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
Antenna is flimsy, menus are bulky
Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
Spill prone parent's drink holders, in-accessible storage basket when car seat is installed.
Viewfinder, focus, slowness,
VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night
IPOD inspired design, MicroSD memory slot, Stereo Bluetooth headset capable, Reliable Verizon service
power button placement, other than that, nothing!
Taking pictures in low light situations
Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
Can't use half the features thanks to The Interface From Hell. Antenna makes shoulder-holders shrug.
expensive, 2.1 megapixels
easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
Cheap
Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
doesn't print color
Sleek Styling, Memory
the pictures look spectacular
easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
Fast and crisp color
expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
Many Functions, speakerphone, easy to push buttons, large display, lightweight
Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
cost
Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
size
A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
bad in low lighting situations
Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
Inexpensive  amp; compact amp;#13; amp;#10;Good color quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Quiet
.
Battery life
Some limited features
storage medium, battery life, ease of use
Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
Bad quality in low light, bulky case, slow LCD
Great SLR features  amp; unparalelled zoom
High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
small, lightweight, luminated keypad
not usb, no carrying case or video output
good quality and speed for the price
compact, double fold, nylon fabric
clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control   Clarity
Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope and sprays ink all over inside of printer.
Good user interface.
nothing
Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
Slow, the controls are difficult to use. No success Mac or PC.
Oblong and awkward shape
It looks ....OK.
Still a little slow printing color.
functions and clarity
Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
size, price
Small, great looking phone
BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
None of the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
Lightweight
Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module,  amp; low price
rather large
Great features, easy to use, great look.
inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
Many good features
none i love it
Easy to use, sleek look
none to complain of !
It was free from VoiceStream as long as I signed a 1 year contract.
High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
No voice recorder, data transfer?
Had to send one back
Cheap
Light, small, great sound quality
none
Battery life not as great as expected.
Operation, signal strength, power cord, power consumption.
Constant faded LCD's
The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
Features, Usability
slow, loud, quick to use ink
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
good and cheap
Talk/Standby time less than optimal
perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
None
Great contruction and superb results
Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
it's not a photograph
No color screen, Not tri-band
Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
too many confusing buttons
Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
Multi Function Center Button
Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up,
Had a little difficulty with supplied connection software. Delay of actual click/shoot is long.
Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
Great price, excellent performance
Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
Horrible customer service
Anyone can work with it. Its as easy as ABC.
Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
Big frame, sometimes really slow between pictures.
terrible phone book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped calls
No alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac 7768.
Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
only 9 ring styles, no games (like nokia)
Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
Does not work properly-a complete money pit.
Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
Good pics,easy to use
None
No web services yet
none
Phone has been through repairs, hard to get certain parts, no good speakerphone options
Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
Needs frequent headclean cycles
lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
Affordable, Fast black printing
large screen, auto-complete
Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
Great for basic features, good text messaging
Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
Unlimited features and light as a feather.
Lots of photos, easy to use, cheap!
A left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
The price is the deception...
Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
None!
Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
Infrared is not builtin. Small Screen. Standby is 3 days only.  #13; #10;
Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
Breaks easily (watch out for this), no web access
a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
Many neat accessories that are easy to find and many neat features.
Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
Mediocre user interface; lacks the panache of other Verizon phones
A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
poor reception
Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
NONE
Great pictures, oots of possibilities
poor quality on photo's
too many
buttons are super small, menus are like programming a VCR
Noisy, large footprint, high ink use
No support for anything but windows 9x
great quality
Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
Great camera
Size, features
Speakerphone
High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
Good graphics
Not a Postscript printer
Price, Functions; ease of use
Ink Tanks are a little expensive, considering they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
None
Price, text quality
Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
Only 2X zoom
quality
Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
Inexpensive initially
Easy to use and lightweight
Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
many breakdowns.had to replace four times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished units.
cheap and small, color faxing
convenient
size, durability, features, and very user friendly
Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
it is simple to use
Ease of use
Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
Screen size
Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
great quality, low cost
Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
Very good reception and battery life
Priner cartridges are expensive
It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up.,
Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
The phone is light-weight and easily fits in any purse or brief case.
As with most strollers, it takes up some space in the car
poor in low light without flash
Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
no storage
Pricey, the zoom is weaker than Gandhi
Beautiful display, small form factor, solid construction
Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
Battery Life, Doesn't like concert lighting
Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
Phone volume not so great.Camera definately needs work.More storage space would help.
Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
battery life is short
harder to find the ink at stores
Small window for viewing pics.
rechargeable battery, blurry when max out zoom
No viewfinder, Comes with only a 4MB memory stick
software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
battery life, slow picture transfer
Higher priced, smallish basket
weight
Large  printer.
Expensive ink cartridges, boring look
Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
Expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
Tho low price and powerful function
- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
size, audio capability, ease of use, design
breakdowns lack of warranty back up for known fault. poor volume
none
slight paper handling issue
Low cost,excellent reception,voice activation,battery life,and bluetooth compatible.
Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
Painted silver housing.
Small, nice pictures.
Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
none to date
Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
Easy to use, small, light
I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that paying less for more is a con.
Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
Too Many to list in 15 words
Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
Color shifts in output in as little as 24 hours!
Low light performance, Expensive, Does not fully support Nikon branded speedlight support
Expensive
Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
easy to use, small, great software
No color display, gets hot
Lousy display that sometimes fails
Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
Easy to use and setup,cheap.
Horrible car kit, drops calls, people can't hear me.
Extremely fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name it, it's bad!
Cost (But still worth it)
Combi Customer Service is an answering machine.  Product is not durable.
Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
Sometimes Locks Up!!!
Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
small and lightweight. Sturdy and dependable.
Now people can get me, not just my pager!
doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
battery
Big drawback is the lack of internet connection.
none that I can think of for this pric
Haven't found any yet!
Professional Quality Digital
Photo quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Degree of control amp;#13; amp;#10;battery life amp;#13; amp;#10;versatility amp;#13; amp;#10;Range of magnification
Big for a phone
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
Words printed are easy to read. amp;#13; amp;#10;Prints at high speed
Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
Everything
pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
Great zoom capability
Well built; economical; good output.
not cheap, photo paper expensive
Limited battery time
Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
Small memory cards
Takes the place of four machines.
A "Throw-away Printer! Noise, supply cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
not good for fast candids
Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer volume
Light, very portable.
bulky
Features make it complicated to use.
View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
Stylish,compact,lightweight
nothing
Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
4 separate ink cartridges to save $$$, very decently priced, color prints are great
User Friendly in every way
no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
Antenna way too cheap/flimsy/fragile.
Cheap, Actually takes pictures.
Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
folding might be difficult for some people
Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
So easy to use, like pie!
Poor Indoor Shots, Battery Life
Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
Well, you get what you pay for...
None
Non-alphabetical phone book; manual could be better
Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
nice price
Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
obvious distortion at edges, bit large
Low price for so much. Lots of room.
none
Mine happened to malfunction but the problem was fixed promptly
none!
Price, reliability, ease of setup
Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life,
Resolution, price.
Price, Bulky
It fits in my pocket.
Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
some static and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
short battery life
Kind of large, no internet connectivity (WAP)
Easy to use
Small, dependable, tons of features, state-of-the-art
A little big and heavy...
Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery life.
None found yet
No display of how long current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
weak battery, very strong memory card "eject" mechanism
Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the casing not that durable.
Great size and style.
Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
Size, T9 text
Inexpensive and worked great for a year
Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery life.
Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
headphone adapter easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky touch sensitive panels, no flash
Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount.
Battery Life is so so, Size of supplied flash card.
Software supplied does not seem very good
No USB connection
Paint flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
a little big and heavy
loud, slow, uses lots of ink, prints not 100% reliable both for texts or photos
Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
cant print high quality  true to life pictures
Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
Very great quality, speed correct.
Screen color is limited, vision content is lacking
10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
Battery life is drained quickly in cold weather - good thing I'm moving to Florida
Can be SLOW; You have to buy your cables, which adds to the cost
Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images,
Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
buttons too small for my small fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
Poor Quality on Photos, Slow
Great pictures, portable
Battery life
Fast, friendly, affordable
Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
Free
Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
Size is a little big.
A little tricky to set up.
nice features, good shots
Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.
ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
Learning curve
Small, calendar, exterior screen, one-touch silence, quick/simple volume control, lockable
Warning may cause marital strife.
Long battery life, good quality images
Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
poor closeups, loose lens cap
Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
lots of features
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials required.
Excellent voice quality, construction, and function.
Ease of Use, Picture Quality
Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
Light, easy to steer
light weight, easy to use
microphone not too good
Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
Nice menus, great view screen
It costs $99.00.....
Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
No frills
Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
Easy to use, options, foolproof, good price for what you get, decent speed, color, and memory
Great Price and Good Print Quality
Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
Same old tones
blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
none
Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not shop around.
light, cool-looking,  camera, internet access, speaker, calendar, alarm, text/pic messages, GPS
one color
Don't consider this for high-quality printable images.
More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
eats ink very fast
Images are far from top of the line; clunky shape.
It is analog and has no battery life.
lt;b gt; lt;i gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold. lt;/b gt; lt;/i gt;
simple to use
Superb image quality, lots of options, fast download speeds to a PC, AUTO mode is as easy to use as a regular camera, and much more...
Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality
Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
Great Quality and Fair Price
It's bulky, unattractive and I found it hard to use
Good phone, very compact
None.
Good Photo quality printing
External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
Smart Card reader feature
Subpar reception, email issues, flimsy feeling case, slow support response
There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
Bad reception, and durability overall junk.
Hate that shutter lag!
Good for photos
Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
Few Accessories.
short battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver

Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable  amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
Batteries and Zoom
High price, Cheap phone
2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
Is $500, but is perfect meld of phone and Palm.
Battery Life
It's bigger than the small cell phones today.
Expensive extras that must be added
Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
Power button location.
Manual modes difficult for me to learn, power button too close to shutter.
Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
Slow
Good features and nice screen.
Battery life, electronic interference
price
Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
WAP,Infra-Red,
Charge time is fast, speaker phone
Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
Bulky, no screen protection
Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
picture quality, cheap price
hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical features
slow
Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills,
Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
vibrate, voice name dialing
Vision is overhyped, slow, unstable,  significant browser errors
Small Compact Versatile Cell
Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
jam problems!
Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
Ink and the Canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
solidly built, good battery life, good sound
Fast Printing, inexpensive
Great Color  amp;amp; Printing
Nice print.
Great quality and quiet.
Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful features
None so far.
I Hear people before I answer
- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
Beautiful screen.
Fast, color, prints an array  of things
Sub-par vibration mode, confusing menus and lack of ringing choices
unit size, floppies take up some space
umm...
excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
Largish body, small LCD panel.
It talks, most printers don't, scary
Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
Haven't found any cons at all.
Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
size without extra battery
Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of features.
light turns off too fast
Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
The Sound quality is bar none.  #13; #10;The voice dial feature is great!
It is also coming down in price and becoming very affordabl
compact size, all metal case, fast focus
Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
None found yet
No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2 amp;quot; LCD display
great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
Great quality. Inexpensive
Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
What good are gadgets if you can't keep a call connected?
Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
none
Price, Ease of use,
Easy use, flash, 3 1/2 amp;quot; amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
easy to use, compact, light weight
A little heavy for pocket!
Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
Blurry Action Shots
Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
Lots of features
Speed of printing, excellent resolution, setup a breeze.
Great price, wide format printing
3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
Terrible OS manufactured in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
Crisp and clear speakerphone,loads of features, super screen, it talks to me!
Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
Very easy to use, Great image quality.
Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
Excellent quality, great photo capability
color reproduction
High quality colors and not too flashy.
Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
Inexpensive
low price for digital
software reliability, price
Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
NONE!!!
pricey
great coverage, big clear screen, durable
Very sturdy, easy to  amp;quot;pilot amp;quot;, comfy
Can't be used with Windows 2000
this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
Price. But hey, it's great technology.
Gives error sometimes
No more film to purchase or fees for developing film.
Speakerphone volume and battery life
Needs a better zoom lens feature
A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
None
Great features, love the ability to change face plates
Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
Easy to use, price, pic quality
Great picture...easy to use
Great quality prints.
My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
Floppy Disk Storage
Displays not readable in sunlight.
Somewhat expensive.
very good phone
versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
lower tray location, foot print
not so good in dark places
compact   functional
Can't think of any
Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
Fast Black and White printing
Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
sound quality, reception
Inexpensive and stylish
Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing!
Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
Looks cool, has some neat games
Awful Phone
Quiet, quick, great printing
complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in bright light
EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
NONE
Great features, excellent design, light weight
complicated
Signal,Features, everything!
a bit bulky annoying menus
Excellent reception, Back lit LCD display, Vibration mode
tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
feel of buttons, battery life, ability to hear other party.
Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
no flash
clear sharp images
poor quality pictures, bad memory
lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
goes through ink quickly and is very loud
Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
Inexpensive, Mac-friendly
3/5 inch floppy
Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
Short battery life, long time to charge, battery gets hot.
None worth highlighting.
4mb Picture Card
Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
slightly awkward to talk on, covers sometimes get lose over time
Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
Photos could have warmer colors.  Flash could also be better.
Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
SLOW interface, can't store email addresses in phone book, no WAP
Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software
Should be sold with case
fixed lens, no lcd viewer
Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
Contains three services in one.
none
Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
No cons to think of.
Battery, some design issues, TDMA technology
Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
not sturdy, break easily
price
Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
Focus problems and inconsistent quality of shots.
Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
High resolution, low price
Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, weak vibrate
Buttons rattle a bit, only available through Cingular so AT T customers are out of luck
No Analog, Shuts down once in while, software not upgradable
really small
Excellent resolution, features, split body.
Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
Noisy, paper jams
inexpensive, easy to use
use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
Ease of use, quality of pictures
Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
Great Digital Camera For All
Bad piece of equipment
none
Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
small
STYLE NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
lack of antenna
flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, cheap belt clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
Large size, No ink level monitors
Eats batteries (like most cameras), some sight problems.
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
Un-reliable, too slow, doesn't work half the time
Easy to use, attractive, small  amp; light.
A lot of features.  Quality printing.
none
5190
None
Inexpensive printer from a great company
Battery Life, Buttons too low profile
ease of use, light weight, portability
Nothing but trouble!!!
Camedia software not all it could be.
easy storage, portable, looks
should come with an AC adapter
Ugly, mine eventually broke details below
Quality Images, Lots of Features,
Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
none I can think of
Can't hear the ringer even on the loudest setting.
Expensive ink.
Battery life
View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Looks cool-
Great Camera
Loud start-up, somewhat noisy
Sleek Design, GPRS
Didn't come with a printer cable
Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
You get so much for what you pay
no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colors
Paper jams frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
Inexpensive, fax capability
Great pictures.  Fast,quiet printer. Easy setup.
Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
Looks good
easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain
shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
-Small
Small, light, sexy
the name isn't HP
belt clip
Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
buttons are small
great price, great value, great product
rollers leave marcks on paper
Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
Interface a little quirky
None
Battery gets hot
Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
Great durability, good features for the price
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
Inexpensive
Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
No Optical Zoom, No USB
size, durable
some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
quick and easy
Color display, polyphonic ringtones
so many features, works well for me
Compared to some phones now, it may be big and it doesn't have color screen
Great for photo prints
Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
awkward menu  navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little space for name  to do list
Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
None.
Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
Wish it printed faster
buggy, inconsistent performance
Tremendous features, cheap accessories
software
Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
Long use and stand by time
Price, quality, and brand.
Lens cap not attached.
Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
Sometimes confusing menus and dorky antenna
Easy to use for beginners, inexpensive
Great quality for reasonable price
beautiful images!
Compact size, accurate optical viewfinder, integrated lens cover, bright LCD display, good flash for size/price, fast zoom, included FlashPath floppy disk adapter for SmartMedia cards
No eyepiece, only an LCD display
Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !!
battery life, can't download ringers
- none
Nice Looking
not without limitations, settings are lost when batteries are changed
A true point and shoot camera.  Great grip.  Exposure modes  amp; "Best Shot".
Tons of great features, small size, light weight
noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
Slow printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't care about.
Have to buy the better battery and memory card
Cute design
floppy disk storage, 3.5 standard disk; 10x zoom; rechargeable battery
Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
None I can think of
Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
Speedy, excellent quality
Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge. amp;#13; amp;#10;Price. amp;#13; amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
Mediocre interface, lacks new features
Can't print a 16x20 (hint to Epson)
Could have a place that holds more paper.
None
Inkjet - Cleaning
Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
Awful in low light, never ready when you are.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
Low battery life, sub par software
no fun ring tones, a little heavy
A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band   Great Price
bulky
Nothing
Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
Nice size and looks nice
Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not available everywhere.
Low price
Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
Good DSC
May not fit into small car
Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality.
Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
Sometimes has printing errors.
large size, short battery life.
nice looking ,light
Nice Photo Quality, Fast B amp;W CHEAP
Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
Reliable, perfect size, all around great phone
Portability, above average image quality, construction, battery life and LCD
Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
Nokia 8210 is high quality, but a little bit expensive.
Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
Somewhat pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
lots of technical problems
Ease of use, quality of pictures
Great details and amazing colours.
Great pictures, easy to use, great resolution.
convenience, ease of use, price, fun
Bit pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only 2 mega pixal
a little pricey
This printer is the worst printer I've ever bought!!!!!!
Small, easy to use
Price, weak flash, limited resolution choices
Expensive, needs a fast PC
Great design, Ease of use and bright LCD screen.
Easy to use, cheap price
very good
superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
Size, battery life, features.
Print Quality, Ease of Setup  amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
Very cheap and very quiet
Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to make calls, poor service very vague on progress
No auto focus/lens cover, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
Weight, Size
Lack of caller ID features
Never prints in color.
Compact, Very High Optical Quality
4 MegaPixel, 3x Zoom, FUNC button, compact size, faster start up!
inexpensive, fun to play with.
Chronic battery issues with this model
small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
The manual
slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
"Old fashioned" as some would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
Can't record videos
Dingy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
Bulky, hard to carry around
It Broke!!!
Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
Inexpensive and Compact
Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
Voice helper, excellent quality
small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
Reliable, fairly easy to use.
Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder   player
design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
Not for high resolution photography.
Weak flash, limited zoom
rather dark optics, a bit slow amp;#13; amp;#10;
Flakey drivers, compact flash reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
battery life, features, durable
Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
Great prints for the money, reliable, easy installation
easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
not cheap
Easy to use and quality pictures
Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use,
Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
price, features
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Design, built quality, all that features
Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
cost, small basket, sometimes hard to manuever with one hand
red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
A little bulky
Inexpensive.
Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
Very inexpensive - easy to use
Plastic body, no brightness control for LCD
none
No included case, movie mode very limited in terms of time.
prints are not water resistant
LCD screen use drains batteries fast
great battery life; durable
Small, good quality pics
It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
Nothing major.
Great zoom, red eye reduction
I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
Lightweight, easy to use, free
Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
Small, lightweight
very good pictures
Great colors, features
Digital as vs. Optical zoom, slow download speed using serial cable
Rechargeable batteries are a must!
if i need to pick something - size
Good quality print jobs.
photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
paper does not feed
Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
Impressive quality at an economic price.
A simple phone i nicknamed "The Tank". Inexpensive and Extremely intuitive
Extremly long battery life with the CRV
6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
cheap ink, good speed and resolution
I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
expensive cartrages
The car seat can't be beat
Great feel, size, weight
Fast. Great print quality!
Battery life :(
poor picture quality
Good starter camera, memory expansion, quality pictures, pricing, trusted name.
Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
consumer price
Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
Software,power,zoom
limited amount of pictures can be taken
Can't always tell the quality of the photo from the small lcd
Some durability issues
Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
Bad video quality
Cheap, great print quality
Simple, lifelike
Kinda Slow, price
Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
Bad paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
Produces heat during lengthly calls, buttons
poor battery life and difficult user interface
3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
Limited memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pictures
Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
Good pictures. Nice feel and design. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
Antenna, small buttons
Poor for close-up shots
Great Features
Price, After Market ink, Speed
battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
Price.
Takes good photos of dead rats.
Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
easy to use, very sturdy
Can eat ink cartridges
Quality is horrible
Doesn't come with even decent memory card, case, etc.
LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
quit working, poor quality pictures
Software froze once
Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
Paper tray doesn't always load paper straight, takes time to start printing, smell of ink
small color cartridges and they cost too much
Read the body of my review
Many features, Easy to use!
THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
High quality pictures, inexpensive, bright LCD
Sometime better to use viewfinder
expensive
small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
paper is finicky to load sometimes
Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
Not customizable; still has many features.
Great for walking/jogging on all terrains; lightweight; children's weight differences do not throw the stroller off.
Tons of fun!
resolution is not highest available, but still great
Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or high end work
No calendar.
No flash; Software is horrible
An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
Audible Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
none yet
None found.
Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
reception
No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
expensive
Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
Hard to locate subject in low light conditions
Nokia sacrificed durability for style.
Nothing!  (Except that paper-catcher thing)
Prints great - fast and accurate - prints great pictures.
ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
it does what it was made to do: call and get calls
No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box.
Size (small)
Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
seat positions
Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no way to expand memory
Wish the zoom was greater
Very high quality, versatile and useful.
Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
amp;quot;instant amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
none!
Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low light, no optical viewfinder
Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
not cheap if you have to buy it over and over again
Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
Short battery life
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
$450 price tag
no basket, kick the wheels,, hard to fold wearing sandals
Uses too much ink
Aesthetically-pleasing camera
No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
good clear pictures, good color prints
slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a lot of ink, tricky calibration
Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted.
Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
Low price, Decent output
Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
no zoom or extra features
I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
None
good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
Everything else
compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
Battery life is terrible! Action shots are no good with this either.
None at all!
Needs computer to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
Ink harder to find
Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
Phone is clear and signal reception is very good.  Stylish.
No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
Movie mode just ok
Small screen, interface slightly confusing at first
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on
Good print quality, speed, original cost
Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media.
fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
cable is too short.
Bad indoor reception, battery drain
ease of use; good pix
Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
none that i noticed
cheap
Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
Limit on songs in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, poor Bluetooth range
Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
Low price, camera features
Size, Screen, Free extra battery, battery life.
I do not like the power saver mode
Takes a long time to process print
Mediocre camera quality, small keypad buttons
no cover, no zoom lens, short battery life
Can't really think of any.
Price  amp; Size.
Nice print quality
Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
Small
Features, quality made, features
Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
none found
Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
Ringtones are limited.
No lens cap!  Keeps BREAKING!!!
cheap, easy to use
Small. Lightweight.
good quality, quick printing for IJ
Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
clear, small, lightweight
Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
fast, appears well built
Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
Slow Autofocus, poor low light focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
none
Toner smudge/streak
paper feed annoying
Easy to hook up
Factory presets in drivers need to be tweaked slightly.
Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
High price, Cheap phone
if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
Fast, excellent color quality, excellent text printing
Light build quality for the cost
Big screen, QWERTY keyboard, Multimedia capabilities
small card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints
good quality
Stylish, small, large LCD.
exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
no optical zoom, no sound with the mpeg files
None
It looks nice.
poor quality
if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos name you say, you might accidently call them.
Storage drive, write to copy feature, e-mail attachments
Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
None
It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
Lens cap falls off a lot
great value for the price
everything but size and user friendly
Powerful, precise, easy to use, worth every penny.
only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for someone who prefers physical to digital photographs
Reception indicator seems flakey, bad contact list setup.
EVERYTHING!
Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party RIPs., ,
Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
The phone to own!
computer software, battery life
MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
Price, ease of use, AC adapter
not the greatest quality prints.
Too many features
Very low speaker volume and proprietary Operating System
could be smaller
larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
Comfort
Use of color ink seems high.
Standard battery is horrible!
Expensive running costs, noisy, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color  amp; b/w at the same time.
Cheap with relatively decent image quality
Horrible company, horrible network.
Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
It does not have a zoom lens
Problems with photos surface frequently, camera durability is pretty bad
Movie mode not that great!
works great, like any digital camera
a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
Poor printing quality
wimpy flash; slow, dark lens
Little ringers to choose from. Cannot turn on speaker phone until other party picks up.
Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
Print the pictures you want. amp;#13; amp;#10;Choose the size. amp;#13; amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Heavy when folded, expensive.
Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
ink cost
Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
Lots of features in a relatively compact package
Pocket sized, easy to operate
small display, no games, could be easier to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
very well packed (snicker)
Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
No adjustable recline position
2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
It is lightweight.
Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
No cons I can find except SD card song recognition.Small plastic covers easy lost.
COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
Ringer Can Be Too Loud At Times
Tiny, solid chassis.
Very  Hard to Use
No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minutes.
None.
none
Wieght
No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky.
Software sucks
cheap money
None that I see!
Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky,
none
very expensive, small basket
none
Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
slow, response time is slow
Can't Think Of Any
Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
Compact size, relative ease of use.
Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
A little big. Battery life. Macro function.
Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
great value, decent quality
Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
Expensive faces and that is about it.
canons telephone service it awful.
Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
Comfortable feel during use. Simple to use. Good volume and reception.
Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
Low cost, compact flash technology
Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
easy to lose
Full featured, has everything and some.
Point and Shoot Simplicity
The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.
Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
BIG PROBLEM WITH THE FLIP HINGES ITS BREAKS EASILY.
Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
interchangeable lenses,great images
Great camera, Easy to use
LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
They aren't free..........
blurry,grainy,very poor quality
Ease of set up, speed, quality
You have to throw out your old photo processing equipment.
2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
Menu system can be a bit confusing, only comes with 8 megs of flash.
Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
to much
A little uncomfortable for long conversations.
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
No USB/parallel cable
great wheels, price, and comfort
The camera broke after six months.
Color fax ability, scanner, copier
Ear piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
Excellent color, has histogram
Great Digital Camera for beginners.
expensive
Excellent image quality and ease of use
Size, sound clarity, digital
delicate casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
small and cheap
easy to use, easy to read display, lots of fun, also an mp3 player
Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
Pricey, comes with no accessories.
slow to respond
Expensive ink cartridges
small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
Very fast text printing.
none
Product has the features I want
Should come bundled with larger memory card and rechargeable batteries!
None.
Bad color reproduction
Power button, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece volume
Skyscrapers cause signal drop-outs.
Eats your battery quickly.
Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
Nice looks, plenty functions.
Battery Power
Size doesn't matter, so small and light! Easy to use.
Audio clarity is alright; very light and compact.
Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Nothing important
2-way radio
Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
Small, Easy to use, Great Clarity
Crisp perfect pictures every time.
Nice design, relatively small, loud ring alerts, speakerphone.
none
Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
It makes a handy punching bag!
Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
Poor signal reception, weak vibration
Don't be lazy, read the review.
read on and i'll tell you
Short battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
Text Quality  amp;amp; Price
none
The next generation in convergent audio technology
Stylish, Small, changeable cases
Cumbersome menus, drops long calls.
Decent print quality, low price
A little noisy
Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap amp;#13; amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
Ease of use, quality pictures.
Clear, good quality pictures
Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom.  lt;i gt;Some lt;/i gt; shutter lag.
Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
How could I possibly say anything good about this camera.  It never worked long enough.
no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
See text below
background noise irritates people on other end
Kind of big.
Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
Where should I start........cheap....
Non-folding, lightweight
Lightweight, nice colors
Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this phone.
It's very portable and small
quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extended conversations
Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
Some would consider it a con that you must have  quot;great quot; credit to be able to get the Nextel service.
Excellent phone
Small
Whatever...
fast, inexpensive
So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
battery hog, supplied card not big enough
Easy to install - Problem free
Exposure
Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
None significant
BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
Great quality pictures, size, battery life
WAP browser, size, weight, features, battery life
Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
Black  amp; White Speed Demon; amp;#13; amp;#10;Non Epson brand generic Cartridge Usable; amp;#13; amp;#10;Good for office usage.
big noisy ink guzzler :(
One-handed folding is a breeze!
doesn't print in color but I don't use color
No Color Screen, Big.
Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time,
Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
Inexpensive, easy to install and use
Clarity
Picture quality
painfully  unreliable
No caller id, hands-free headset not functional, and battery charger cover is not practical.
Best Value Color Phone, Real Song Ringer, Highly Customizable
You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
no flash, manual focus, unreliable
um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
Can you say  amp;quot;Paper Jams amp;quot;
Easy to use and inexpensive
auto-focus problem and auto mode set at ISO 400
Easy to shoot with and great pictures; Conveniently priced and tons of features
Easy to use, Small
small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
Elegant looks, all the PDA features in one small phone
*Feel and look.
Complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
affordable
Speed, color
TOO EXPENSIVE, Proprietary flash memory
Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
Irritating the Common Users
No Borderless prints!
Case is less than sturdy,
Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
Slow
Short battery life.
Small
Everything else!!!
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Good resolution for a low cost camera
Size
Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal antenna, poor GSM reception all over!
Price vs. Quality is superior!
short talk time
Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu  amp; LED
great printer for the price!!!
Gets Hot.
Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
built-in camera; nice color display
perfect small size; accessible phone book, easy to enter phone numbers, understandable menu
Price, Over all Performance, Zoom Feature
A Starter Camera with a Great Finish!
Didn't work
Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
small design
Fast printing, crisp colors
NONE
Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
All features i need for everyday communication
not near photoquality prints, fuzzy LCD display
Does not fold up, somewhat larger than the competition.
Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
Price, technology, quality
Cheap
EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
Slim, good reception, Decent Camera, cool looking
high cost
Its a bit costly
10X Zoom, ability to control some manual functions, image quality
Great Color
Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
Terribly slow text output.
Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
Pictures vey sharp
It copies, scans and faxes
Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
GSM only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth accessories are pricey.
buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
Ease of operation
Bulky
Excellent reception, Small, sleek
A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
Very easy to use, Great picture quality
I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
If you are upgrading from i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to set up,
Cheap
Cute little blue camera
Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything.
It's very lightweight and it might be easy to damage it.
It will handle most small office needs
small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use.
No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, Long warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan rate
buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
Boxy design, Not 100% consistent photos
Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
wish the zoom was better and bettery life could be better
micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a bit complicated.
smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
Beautiful Images, Small Package
Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
small document tray
Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
Drum unit gave out after 13 months of light home use.
1200 dpi, cheap and reliable
Uses more ink than most other printers.
can't say anything bad about it yet
Only 4mb of memory amp;#13; amp;#10;Lcd Screen Hard to Clean amp;#13; amp;#10;Slow Shutter Speed
bulky
very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
Slightly slow menus but even then it makes up for itself
Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
Poor sound quality   software
Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
None so far.
customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
Pretty good quality printing
Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
USB Support, cheap price up front...
many features, great quality
None yet
Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use amp;#9;
everything
Slightly cumbersome
Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
Really great colors and crisp pictures.
Wonderful reception, portable
battery-life; heats up - if that bothers you. rings (if you're not into them)
Heavy! Ugly yellow-ish backlighting
Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
camera phone   it was free,
functional,easy to use
Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
No antenna which means unclear calls
cuts off
None
Floppy storage, good lens
Cheap
Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
But it uses the battery!
Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
Cost of print cartridges.
Digital only, bad battery.
Problems with installing software.
Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
great color, works well, went down in prices
EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very short  plus accesories $170
Not any more
Somewhat bulky, service can be expensive
The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
Scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
good looking, ease of use, affordable
Can hit the lock key without knowing it
Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
Pics of my finger, digital zoom
Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
Great features for the price, easy to use.
great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
excellent pictures
Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use.
photo printing issues--colors not always good
will jam incredibly after a period of time
Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
Can't hear it ring, Scratched easy
Expensive, basic features
Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
Can't think of any.
Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
Included batteries, no protective case included
High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.
Expensive, easy to damage, cuts off alot
Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
expensive and not for infants
battery life
sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables work great.
Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for max quality
easy to use, quality of pictures, battery life
no way
In a word reliabilty
Expensive ink
bigger than the usual stroller
Quality printing, great price
No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
Small, portable, great quality pics, easy to use
Ease of use, Sturdy Design
Side camera button....battery life over estimated
Poor quality, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
Lightweight, Clear Calls, Changeable faceplates, great features.
Cheapest Flatbed-Scanner-Printer
Picture quality could be a bit better
Devours batteries, white out on closeups with flash
A little slow (faster when printing with a computer)
scanning problems
Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD PICS!!
Media storage is on 8 cm CD's (inexpensive).Hold over 1000 pics! Exceptional pictures
2x zoom insufficient at times
All in one design saves space, power and money
Ultra Zoom!
Out of the Box accessories are crap, throw away batteries, throw away card, no adapter
ink price
none
Digital Zoom distorts quality
You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
Fast, very high resolution
Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
Annoying green light in Viewer window.
careful when cleaning and using dust cover
guide is online-only (bleh)
Screen useless in the sunlight. Poor menu navigation.  can't remove busy background pictures.
Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
Price amp;#13; amp;#10;Quality of print amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of setup
Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
Reception, unable to be unlocked
Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
Good for beginners
small, sleek stylish, features
flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
Easy, portable, looks great
No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
Bulky
Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to  amp;quot;on amp;quot;
Speed, Quality
Failure to communicate with my computer or Windows XP
Noisy paper feed and expensive ink cartridges.
lacks advanced feature, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
Paper feed isn't a tray
Fast B/W, Cheap
easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
Poor low-light performance, 2X optical zoom, short battery life, tiny weak Flash amp;#13; amp;#10;
ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
compact, photo  quality, quiet
Speed, Price, USB and Parallel Compatibility, Print Quality
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
cartridges
The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
Great quality, easy to use
Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
not Bluetooth compatible; can't download rings; awkward to look up numbers by name
Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400.
short battery life, forced to recharge often
Extremely poor software, difficult to abort print jobs.
Nice screen
really bad software, bad computer connection
Print speed could be better
Nothing so far.
affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
no preview window, no flash
Compact, lightweight, many features
Expensive, heavy
-lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver,
Small size, attractive design, lightweight
One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
Size, shape, organizer, tech-support, Verizon service.
not a GSM phone (world phone), can't have more than one phone number per contact
3G CDMA - crisp LCD matrix - Lazer Blue LED's! buttons feel cool! Sleek
lt;B gt;Excellent Picture Quality For Small Price Tag, Tons of Features
Scans , Copies ,  amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
Price, 640X480 mode good
Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
It gets you wanting to use it alot
Eats ink. Eats ink.
Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
quality printouts, dependable
Doesn't ring when people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
large footprint, inadequate memory
Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
Small, lots of features, great reception.
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b amp;amp;w; battery option
Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel
Setting up fax
cleans up printheads a lot, uses ink
95 minute talk time, lack of software for color screen
Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
Battery life
could be faster with color.
Ease of hook up! Two buttons to deal with. Comes with great software, cheap price.
Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
Size, 3.2mp, W/B Histogram, Ease of Use
Picture quality, Diskettes
Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
100 pages a day with no problem, CHEAP, FAST, INCREDIBLE deal!
Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
Easy to use, good image quality, small size, very nice design
Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
eats up batteries like they're going out of style, not much space
Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around.
Easy to use
It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
Haven't found one.
Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
Highest quality printer
Nice Design and looks great
Hard to configure; high learning curve.
Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
key pad size.
Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
Compact, Lightweight, great features.
Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
None
Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
Features, durability, size/weight ratio
The low price makes it very convent
Lots of features, easy to use
Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
durablity, print quality
cheap
Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
Great portable printer, fast
Battery life demands a 2nd battery
Light duty construction.
Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
autofocus in low lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better picture organizing software needed
Backlight is neat.
Inexpensive
Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
poor paper feeder
Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
Durable,Memory,Low price,decent pic quality.2x zoom
small size
Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med  amp; above resolutions
cost
Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
poor ringer volume, poor signal strength, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
Easy usage
No face protection, have to manually set clock and date, weird email setup.
easy to use
Poor battery life, weak signal, less web features from vision than promised
Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
Thin
None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
not excellent quality, some speed problems
Great Quality
Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
Lightweight, durable and handsome!
A bit out of date
high resolution, ease of use
Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
viewfinder could be a little clearer,no ISO settings
last years model, more memory cards needed
Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
None whatsoever
No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia simpler to use.
Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.
Excellent Photo Printing
Good print quality, nice fax features
Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
A discontinued model with Verizon.  Got mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
LCD too small and hard to navigate.
stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
I'll let you know if I find one!!
lightweight; compact
No speakerphone
none
The sound is like hearing someone talk out of a box.
Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
PRICE, Memory, Bundle
Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
low cost
Ease of use, quality of photos
Wireless provider will determine your happiness
Must have steady hand
Intermittent electrical problems, poor image quality.
No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
Good features for a low price
poor battery life. ear burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
Easy to use and price is right
cost
Very small size, long battery life.
Listed in review
image size and quality
Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
sturdy construction
paper jams are frequent, Goes through Ink faster than you could imagine.
Small, a snap to set up and use, under 50 dollars.
Eats 4 AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still some!!!
Size, traditional camera shape, battery life, manual features
easy, nice prints, reprints, email
Zoom could be better
sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
LOCKS UP!  NO BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
none that I can find
Speed
no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
attractive, external display, voice notes
Nice looking with useful features
has some problems with excel spreadsheets
FAST, Excellent quality text and color
$$$
size
Price
lt;b gt; lt;i gt;A bit on the heavy side; not great macro settings; poor lens cap design. lt;/b gt; lt;/i gt;
Quality
Super Photos, long battery life
flip-cover seems a bit flimsy
Lack of good datebook, limited ringtones included. Not loud enough.
it wasn't worth that much
no side buttons, a little thick
Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
Still a bit pricy, but well worth it.
Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
Nice features
horible picutre quality
Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
To Many Lights,It Lacks A Color Screen
trying to answer messages can be difficult.
Voice quality, Get-It-Now games   tools, sharp looks.
Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
works quickly and quietly
Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
Features for the price
easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
Hands free speaker phone
Did not come with a battery charger for the car.
Costly power adapter!
Excellent integration of Palm and phone #13; #10;Great for using in a vehicle
Power drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
poor images
Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
ink cartridges cost
Lost of options for the money.
cost
Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
compact size, good picture quality
High-tech made easy!
keys and display, battery life, menu learning curve, can be pricey.
all-in-one
Photo ink lasts 75 years
Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality control!
cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints.
standerd charger is slow
Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
This printer is easy to install and prints clear script or pictures!
Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
Only The Price.
Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
Weak atennea signal at times
Short Life Span, Many Future Problems, High Repair Costs, High Sticker Price, Few Extra Features
none
Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
2.1 megapixel with 3.3 capable. custom scripting, point and shoot
Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
No printer sharing ability.  Usable on one computer only. Poor support.
Uses batteries quickly.
Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
Made by Motorola.
Size  amp; Technology
Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
Very easy camera to use
Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
kind of slow, no on/off switch
It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
quality lens  amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
Size, battery life, use-ability
Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
Echoes, lost calls.
Small LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
price effective,very inexpensive
long battery life, durable, charges fast
sucky games
Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
Small for a palm, large for a phone
Short lifespan
Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
Slow, noisy, print longevity
None so far
Easy to use  amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
clear pictures, fast
Can't think of any
Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
drains batteries quickly
Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
Not so great for everyone else.
inexpensive
Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution offered by provider.
buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
Prints Photos slowly with low-quality, Extremely LONG "Warm-Up" period before printing. No Parallel.
prints  kinda fast
No caller ID on mine.
No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
Haven't noticed any
TAKES BAD PICTURES
Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
Terrible problem with heads getting clogged REPEATEDLY. Try to find a more reliable alternative.
small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
Small, fits anyway, easy to hear, outer LCD screen, lots of options
Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
Size, sound quality and clarity
None
Graphics are about the only thing that's good
Many great deals for this phone
Good quality and speed to get the result
dismal battery life, awkward keypad, user interface
Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
Packed with great info and software
Many good features, and customizable appearance
Software install not the greatest.
Small
Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
Buttons are too small
If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
Started off nice
Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading still   turns itself off unexpectedly
Battery life
Small size, great feature set for the price.
Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
worst stroller I have ever used
Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
none yet
Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
Cheap Price for what you get
Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
Photo quality output, Price is low enough
uses batteries way tooooooo fast
you need bateries
Great  Pictures
Clear high res pictures, easy to use, powerful advanced features
Lack of ringer volume control and vibrate option, bulk
voice dialing.
Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
pocket sized.
Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
print quality, paper tray
Good entry level printer
Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
Features, Size, More Features
none
TFT color display, Ringers   Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
All in one, great price for so much stuff
expensive, no carrying case
Not for color printing.
Small, light weight, high quality photos
quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
4mb card, grainy pics
Heart-stopping price if bought without service
fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
Great camera. Compact.Compatible with high standard flash cards. Great Shooting modes and zoom.
Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
horrible battery life
Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
No clock, who cares, get a watch!
Not very good action shots
nothing really bad to say about it
Pixels are obvious
feeds out more than one piece of paper
Small, very fashionable phone
amazing pictures
Low cost, amazing features, totally configurable, and MUCH more.
silver color rubs off sometimes, zoom is kinda a waste sometimes
UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
Super-easy to use
high radiation emission
Image quality
Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
Cheap
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
Durability, Battery Life
Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
poor antenna, poor design
none
Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
cheaper rates, larger range
EVERYTHING
only 1.3 pixels
great quality, low, low, low initial price.
Can be inconvenient when set on combination vibration and tone.
stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
Awful drivers, endless network headaches
It look cute and is small enough to fit in my purse.
Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
I paid money for it!
Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
Great features
great pictures, easy to manage
Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
Huge antenna (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
Easy to use, great pictures
OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
Non-Color
time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom
- Compact
Loud, cartridges have to be cleaned for real quality color
will not take supre fine pictures
Still lacking a good zoom amp;#13; amp;#10;Digital zoom is still reasonably low quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Weak flash
Thinist phone, it is so light. Attention getter.
Outstanding Print Quality.
none
Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
Amazing range of options, good image quality
easy to use
Small.  Cool swivel lens.
Keep another set of batteries close by...
get it now!
small size; great battery life; sturdy construction; stylish; menus are intuitive
Nice size, nice picture quality.
Takes great pictures
none, so far
A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
Generally easy to use; great pictures
LCD Display drains out the battery.
Beautiful prints, low initial cost
Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck, amp;#13; amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
Some may not like the small flush keys, or cell's small size.
could use optical zoom
Price
be careful to use suitable paper.
Higher priced
Cost and quality
price, 8 MB CF card, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO 100 exposure only
No zoom
Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
small and easy to use, Price
battery drain, Olympus warranty
Minor control, flash and menu shortcomings.
Bad reception   no clock while locked.
ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
No viewfinder, No external charger included
Great image results; many options; lots of storage
Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
Cheap and easy to use.
Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, Cheap construction, Wastes ink
Clear, bright display, easy to use.
Best cell phone on the Market
about as noisy as anyother laser printer
Nice pictures, nice looking camera
Significant rebate is about to expire!  Get it now!
Price
Poopy Poor Reception quality
Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.
Inexpensive
two side printing
Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
Heavy, no Vibrating Battery
Fun Friendly Design!
Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
Expensive
see: #13; #10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716 #13; #10;
limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
Eats batteries
Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't Get Very Loud
High reliability and great quality makes it a top choice
Large size
Beautiful color and vivid detail
size, weight, battery life
Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
Cannot use CF II cards, LCD in bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
Bright screen/color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
You get what you pay for
Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
bulky
too slow.
sucks
Cheap, good printing
Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
Lots of features, camera, very small size.
Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
Slow Autofocus
Great Pictures, Small
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
Price
So So Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
camera phone   it was free,
Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
Ease of Use, Lightweight
Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
great zoom
Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
Menu a little sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
LCD gets washed out, very weak signal strength, problems with charging and headset
Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
Many options to suite your needs
User Friendly!
Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
Awesome quality printing
price, size, use as webcam
jack of all trades
Poor zoom picture quality
This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
Superior handling, comfort, quality
Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
None yet
Nothing good to say at all
Poor focus, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
Not that hi-tech...
Size, display, easy controls
small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
Good sound through the handset
Small, color, battery power
Speed, quality
battery time not enough,Ringer to low   not many options of rings or games.
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
nothing
I can't really think of anything wrong
Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
small and easy to use
Outstanding picture quality, pocket size camera, rugged design
Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
kind of small size screen, battery life isnt the greatest
Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
well designed, easy to use
Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
Customer service was helpful, cheap
Pricey accessories. No standard headphone jack.
nothing really
2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
high quality photos
Full feature set, easy to use, value.
Battery Life
Battery Life, Easy to operate.
speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
B W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction,
Wireless data modem, bright clear display, nice loud ringers
Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
Picture quality is A+
Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
Flash could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart Card
The location of the voice record button makes it easy to accidentally hit.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Battery life seems a bit short, soft ringer volume
very affordable
Compact, lightweight and easy to use.
Great little camera for the price. Extremely easy to use.
High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
adequate print quality
Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Not piles of memory, battery eater.
not a great camera, not a whole lot of features.
Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
Video feature is pretty useless
large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
Might be a little slow sometimes. Has not polyphonic ringtones.
batteries run down fast
NONE (I will let you know if any come up)
Easy to use, Great pictures
very awkward to collapse
compatible
SLOOOOW!
Great printer for the price. Easy set up.
Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
poorly designed; breaks too easily;
Fast picturetaking, good picture quality, good feature set for price
Print Quality; Speed; Value
drinks ink, average results at best
Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
Picture quality, portability
Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory.  amp;#13; amp;#10;
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Wheels are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect use of the camera); a bit slow perhaps.
voice activation (calling, etc.)
Great color and resolution, good resolution on avi video.
zoom, minor issues with many features
A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
nothing
Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
Everything About The Phone
Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
no case , i bought my own,
bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
Hassle getting into and out of trunk
Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
Lens cover appears flimsy.
Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
This model has been discontinued
To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
Kind of big.
Because it provides so much, it's not for the casual cell phone user.
good quality prints
Price, Size
excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
have to be very still to take a great picture.
Batteries don't last as long as would like
power runs out before pictures do
Quality, speed, quiet
Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, rings not loud
Good image quality, quality construction.
Support, quality, reliability
good reception,light , and easy to use
Price
MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS TO BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
Got brushed off and played phone tag with many people @ Fujifilm usa
Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
Slow download - no macrofocus
Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
Not the greatest reception, best not used as a phone
Everything
limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
Great Prints, Great Color
lacks stylishness, less then adequate reception
None,so far
Allows floppy disk usage
Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
Size makes a good fit in a lot of places,Works well with other accessories,Replacing ink is easy,Good price.
Free.  That's it.
Tiny little canopy.
Print resolution, Style.
Prints fast, installs easily, great quality prints, separate color cartridges
Limited battery life.
Great affordable camera
Excellent quality printing and never fails.
Big, bulky, and heavy.
VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
Easy to operate/makes great pictures
I have several
prints clearly
Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
Some red eye
Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre life.
Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
Stylish, but so are high heels.
excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
Ease of use, Cost effective.
excellent pictures, swivel LCD
Compact, light, and cute.
Hard to change resolution.
Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
Price
Clarity and speed is top notch.
easy, compact, self timer
Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
Picture quality, features and price
Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
Everything.  Not worth the stamp to mail in the rebate with
endless giberish spewing from its print-deck
None
sleek
eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
none
Size and Weight #13; #10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
weak flash, slow lenses
The Camera for the beginners.
Battery life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external flash amp;#13; amp;#10;
navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
Needs a pointable sun umbrella
Easy to use, well designed, cheap
CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
none
Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small chassis for large hands
fast, vibrant colors, reliable,
None yet
may not be the best for intricate graphics
easy to use,
Zero customer service
Price, print quality
Small size
small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
easy to use and understand
Fast clear print quality
The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
Spendy.
White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
Takes great pictures
Abysmal support, quickly orphaned
Not very loud, not always as clear as other phones.
Beautiful, affordable photo prints
Size!!
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE,  amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
Has a camera
Feeding mechanism
Ink always clogs and runs out very fast.
Sucks batteries, the display is hard to see in bright conditions.
Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
no optical lens
LOUD, bulky
Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
picture quality
great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
Easy to use, battery stays charges for long periods, lots of accessories,
Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
Very nice; easy to use; prints directly to any Epson Printer; Many adjustments; Amazing resolution; Supports USB; Both Mac and Win;Embedded LCD 1.8 amp;quot; TFT
Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
print quality deteriorates fast, high price of ink cartridges.
loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
Nice looking, good features
Just remember to recharge the batteries.
Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
heavy, expensive
Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
not the best quality  sucks battery power
screen goes blank and no support from manufacture
Great printer for very few dollars
battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
Easy to loose!!!
built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
Really poor performance for the price
sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight,
Requires a gray market upgrade not supported by AT T
No Zoom
better for business
Annena breaks easy but not needed. Large compare to new flip phones.
Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
Need more pixels!!
Weighty for its size
USB problems; unreliable.
takes up alot of trunk space
LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
Can't use personal SMS tones (but can be fixed with software upgrade), Poor MMS support.
Long loading time, vibrate option is iffy.
uses batteries quickly
Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
short battery life, poor resolution, no amp;#13; amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
speakerphone button, Verizon customer service.
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
none for the money invested
Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
Very fast black  amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, fairly slow printing
lacks flexibility
paper jams constantly, wastes ink
Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
battery life, one name/one number in phone book
Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
limited manual mode flexibility.
the price,does not fully recline
great phone overall
no manual focus; 32Mb limit; hard to auto-focus in lowlight conditions
good value....nice feel....versatile
Batt life only slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
No Bluetooth
Poor night time performance
Black bands/coags after a few sheets
Highly priced and slow. Built-in flash.
A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
Color screen, analog roaming
Beautiful screen.
Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
none
Crisp output; multi-functional; individual ink cartridges save money.
Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
Quiet, fast
Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a great one!)
small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
Sprint Service
Cheap, good overall quality for the money, small footprint, attractive, usb option built-in
Power Pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
They forgot my manual! Noisy
You'll love the features!
n/a
Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
Small, lightweight, silent allert.
All
Good quality, Good Price
Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
Poor interface design, short battery life.
Good picture quality amp;#13; amp;#10;size amp;#13; amp;#10;large LCD display
Excellent stabilized zoom, easy to use, creative energies can be used due to the ability to set shutter speed and aperture settings manually, camera is good for twilight and night shots,etc.
None so far
Low quality, cost of ink, single cartridge system.
A good value for the price. No cons.
everything else
The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
None that I can find....
Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in an emergency
Can't think of any...
Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
becoming dated by newer technology
Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
Noisy
Lack of easy availability of parts
uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
Great quality no-nonsense phone.
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
No USB support whatsoever
Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
Small, Takes Great Pictures, Easy Computer Interface
Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
Great pictures. Just great.
A little too awesome
Great pictures!
Poor night and lowlight pictures.
Cost, resolution
Battery life, a bit complicated to program
heavy, expensive
none
Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
bulky, heavy; battery life
A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
No outer display
Two-way messaging, great clarity
Sturdy
Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode  amp;#13; amp;#10;
JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
excellent print quality
Perfect conversation starter, great viewscreen, easy to use, lightweight, Cool Factor, 12MB native memory, Movies!
Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
features, size
Slow, poor color resolution, noisy
Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
Expensive
Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
LCD screen can't be used in daylight.
Bluetooth is good, nice UI
excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
Great value, many features
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes hard to hear.
None
Sweet Camera, Nice Features
Rather fast, excellent service
excellent image quality, good features, falling price
Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
Great phone all around.
Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
Nothing I can think of
slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
Low price.  Solid product.
photo quality, usability, noise level
Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
Doesn't work worth a damn
No notification that lens cap is still on
inexpensive
screen, games, camera, speakerphone, mp3 ringtones
Image quality satisfactory.
Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
Amazing results, easy set up, great price
crappy avi recording.
Too big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
Slim Design, great volume
After only 6 months of use the display area has gone blank .
CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
size, computer connectivity, focus at distance
Ink cartridge runs out quickly and is expensive
Size, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
Great photos from this printer
Great Picture Quality, ease in use
speed, durability, space
Battery life is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
need more professional picture management
Poorly designed lens cover, no manual settings
none really....the color variety is a little odd, but I still love it
2x zoom, battery life
Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
Size, built, image quality
High priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more features
Light, small, sharp, easy to use, flexible manual controls
Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
too easy
Quality color picures.
Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
Battery Problems
Doesn't feel like it would survive a fall.
Manual needs some improvement.
Small and stylish. Rich in features.
light weight, multi-options, great lens
Fast, Excellent Quality, and Very Cheap.
sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
pricy
Great design, easy to use
Great reception, battery life, features.
Size and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Reliable, quality printing
None found
Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
Everything except for the wrist strap...
grainy photos
No flashy features, long address book
fast printing
No real zoom
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
Expensive, manual not great
Screen could use a bit of help, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
compact, light, optical  amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
pretty clear printing... when it does
great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
good print quality for the price
Cheap
None yet.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
confusing technical assistance
A little difficult to change printer cartridges
heavy, large, expensive
size
Waiting for it to be delivered
easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
bad placement of the status light
compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
Poor battery life, slow response, complex menus
Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
Wonderful functionality
Price, output
Wonderful Camera
Easy for beginners to use
Good pictures
battery life
Ease of use, features, cheap storage
Good signal, lightweight
PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  Eats batteries
Battery life and screen graphics.
Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
great photos, good price
Services and accessories will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can get smudgy
Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
Zoom feature is minimal
Having to replace ink cartridges every three weeks gets to be quite costly.
Horrible printer
Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
Easy to learn to use
a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. Costly ink cartridges
Light
Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
Cheap currently selling for $99
none
Size, flexible batteries
Speed  amp; only supports USB.
sleek, durable battery, pretty
it prints pretty slowly
Printing picture quality not so great
expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal strength, steep learning curve.
A tad bulky and heavy
Animation of the phone was cool
Nice index print ("contact sheet")
easy to use
Weak flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
Annoying preset buttons, wind noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price
Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
Speed not bad for home use, reliable
It's small and cheap
Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
durable and easy to maneuver
poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop.
A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
Can't easily find accessories for it...
Very easy to use
Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
I like the size and style of the 8310.
None
great quality, decent price
Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
auto-focusing is "soft", weak flash, lens visible in viewfinder
good sound quality, when it works.
Versatile and grows with baby
Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when fully extended.
Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be unreliable.
small, beautiful picture quality
It sucks battery power like a vampire sucks blood.
costly ink cartridges
6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
cost
not a real wide color or pattern variety
See above
Color is used up fast
Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
High resolution, cheap.
Is a small, and quality taking picture camera
Easy to install, clear prints
perfect style-designed, high quality
Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
Lightning Fast Speed
High quality, easy to use
Fast, affordable, very quiet
you will need extras, and lots of batteris
12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
Printer heads get clogged too easily rendering the machine useless.
many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
ISO 50, great images, professional controls, very fast, great build qualities.
no camera, kind of chinsy plastic
Very small, great look, very clear
None
Definitely needs a memory card, a few weak points but nothing serious
Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
Gimme at Least a 16MB CF Card; Firmware Occasionally Buggy
Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
Very quiet
Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
Battery Life, inadequate zoom
No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
comes in those see through colors if you want
Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
everything else
- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
none yet
A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
Confusing controls.
Can't say in less than 15 words!
Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Crisp picture, prints premium quality 5x7's and smaller
Quality and Speed
Very useful.
Not as good on large groups, but good
sometimes does not ring or vibrate when text message
Only stroller that fits in ALL overhead bins; very light amp;#9; amp;#9;
Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
In-expensive
An overall good company.
Best print Quality Known to Man!
Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
Built well, takes great pics, easy to use, a lot of options, instructions are easy to under stand and great internet support by Olympus on answering questions.
Good price for resolution and ease of use
makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
strong, light, easy handling
Discontinued in most stores
good phone
I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
Lots of options, great design
none that I know of.
It's the picture quality stupid.
Prints fast and quietly and never fails
Many great features for such a low price
no power switch! bad paper tray setup
Hard to push and maneuver
f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to print after first print command.
3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
Low sound quality, poor reception, confusing menus
Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
Problems with keypad, face, charger
Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
It came with softwear
Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
short battery life
Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
VERY Nice printer/scanner
slow and loud
None that I can find.
Cheap, light weight and easy to use
but it won't work at all on my system
none that we've found!
Slow
Small size, no rubber buttons, small buttons.
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
leather case isn't great, not always getting the best reception.
Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
The little rubber plug that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
Can be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
Great camera for Beginner
Big, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
too big to forget somewhere
easy to use,best value
screen may be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
low resolution
Great SLR like performance and quality without all that film
lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
Problems with direct hookup to computer
Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price  amp; features,Build Quality
May not have the sleekest looks.
Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD, amp;#13; amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Noisy, lengthy time to copy in photo mode. Tends to add too much red.
None
Great performance for the price
light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
No USB connection, no sound
easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
So compact and stylish appearance
very easy to use
Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
Color ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print head is a major upkeep expense.
Technical for the first-time camera user, really drains batteries
large photos, great quality
Price......
Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
small size
Relatively small and compact.
decent price, decent pictures
Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
Very hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
Inexpensive, very easy to use.
Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
Pricier than lower models
light   thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
Outstanding image quality, great options, fantastic price/quality ratio
A bit pricy for some
does not take good pictures
ink does not last long
Price
cool, sleek design.
Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
Night photography is so-so. May not be very good for advanced users.
Phone's menu orientation better than earlier Motorolas but still baffeling at times.
printer is kind of bulky
Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
Double sided printing
Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
Inconsistent picture quality
Interface is HORRIBLE
Easy to ues  amp; download,nice screen  amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
Best camera we  have had
It is a bit larger than some phones
Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
none
I would not recommend to buy this mobile.
Multiple functions: scanner, fax, copier, printer
Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
Great at the price
Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. Weak Software.
No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
great pics , great speed
Can't print graphics or clipart
Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
compact, great pictures
Manual poorly written/translated
$300 price tag is just too much
None really.
Good looking, large ink cartridges
Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
no camera, scratch prone
great photo's and service seems great (so far)
None
- None with phone
easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
- none
Can't find a good headset
Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
Easy to use, multifunctional
Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
good quality pictures, low price
Awkward to hold, limited photo space
Expensive and still quite cumbersome
Cheap, will get the job done
Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
ClubNokia not available in the USA.
The way it opens. Battery length
Color Print Quality, Tiny Ink Cartridges
Tricky setup, slow
doesn't work all the time,
speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
Cons
There are not cons that I can mention!
30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
Not capable of doing high quality pics
Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
No clock, menus are a pain, no vibrate, consistent dropped calls
keypad light distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires heavy hand
Good old Nokia menus and features
Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
Address Book
Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
BATTERY LIFE :o( ER!
Good picture quality for JPG compression
Expensive Cartridge
Multiple Sending at the same time has problems
Print quality
affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
an little engineering marvel
Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high price no longer justified
Size.
Batteries, doesn't come with a case
not as advanced as some
Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
None
I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
Small size and price, takes decent daytime pics for emailing.
None!
great zoom feature, megapixels improved, compact
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
not easy to open and close
More expensive than two separate superior items would be.
Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
paper feed
Scratches easily, Web browser
expensive
Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
Photo color reproduction poor
Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
Ships with small CF card of 32mb.
says it is out of paper when it isn't
None yet!
So far I haven't found any.
not very durable
Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
good for beginners
learning curve, battery eater
Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
Size, power, attitude
small, lots of shooting modes
When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
Under-powered flash
Runs through ink fairly quickly
poor battery life
Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
Weak antenna.
It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
Having to buy the ink
size
Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
Surprisingly loud
Cool features and great customer service
Space saving design
Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
Pricey ink
Tiny and easy to use
Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
LCD Display,T.V outputs
Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
For the size and price?  None.
Darn near everything else.
Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
I sold it again on Ebay.
Nice, compact, decent pictures and lots of user controls
Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
Top quality pictures, ease of use, great choice of modes and individual control.
Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
Failure to recognize paper in the tray.
short cut on keypad not available
An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
Price, size, quality
No USB support
beats scanning images with a scanner
Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
PC-Compatible Disks, Easy-To-Use, Battery Life, Special Features  amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Individual Ink Cartridges
no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
Small size, high quality printable images
Short battery life
battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
No roaming information, great tunes don't go in alarm clock
Battery Level, Small buttons
sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
outdated (already)
Keypad, voice quality, signal quality, proprietary headset connector, no Bluetooth
quality, features, price
light, cheap, reliable
Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
Pictures tend to be blurry
quality
not photo-quality for largest pictures
Easy to read screen, can change face plates
Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
expensive
Flip up flash, picture review limitations
Battery Hog
single sheet feeding sometimes a problem
2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
Quiet, compact, ease of use.  amp;#13; amp;#10;
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES
future inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
quality images, good design, simple
Low paper capacity
Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
Easy to transfer to computer; great to e-mail and share pictures; Battery
Not for  amp;quot;heavy duty amp;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
At least it didn't explode
odd shape and size of phone
Small and easy to use
Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
too hard to operate
free
Cool games, lots of features!
price, top feed system
Poor manual, phone book does not alphabetize, OEM battery life a bit short.
Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
Can't think of any
somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
excellent quick TIFF, easy of use, good battery
Battery Time, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
Hasn't found yet.
easy to aim and fantastic quality images
Not quite compatible with all old accessories, battery life
Frames per second are a little slower than what it should be!
Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
most wanted features at an affordable price.
Battery life, limited data entry for PDA functions.
Eats batteries  amp;amp; lacks USB port
Whiny printing function, consumes ink like an 18 wheeler.
Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
cant really grumble at much at all
Heavy, drains batteries quickly, need additional mem.cards
Compact, sturdy, versatile, good interface.
Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
Easy to Use amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;Great Software amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
none yet.
Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
It had no color and the buttons were too close together. It had no web.
easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
Weird looking!
Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
No external battery charger.
Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
Great image quality, easy to use
Design, covers, light weight
clear, srisp picture, durable camera, good desing, nice features
size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
External Caller ID Screen
Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
Eats batteries
Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
No flash/light, Does not perform in low light.
USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
Simple to use
Poor quality Macro shots, batteries drain very quickly
EVERYTHING
Limited Features
pricey ink refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
Average text quality, speed
Small included memory stick, can take some time to get used.
Excellent picture quality, lots of features
Bit Bulky, No Video Clip Option
Sucks batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
Sometimes light spots on photos
Antennae sticks out, looking silly and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
Simple Design, Easy Use
Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
A little heavy, slow serial connection
Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
Easy to use, practical, "cool"
Its a huge phone, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't use standard headset.
Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
No offered by all plans
Inexpensive
Driver did not work initially
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
easy to use
Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
None yet
Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
Stroller is kind of heavy.
Not the lightest camera I own
Battery hog, no 'regular' ring, pricey
High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
Easy operation/excellent results
none
Gulps ink.
does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes smeared/
EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
cost a lot