Image quality not as good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
nothing
Black text could be better, ink runs out kind of fast
The thing won't work
Display grainy, small keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate function
Unfriendly user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
noise, the fact that it broke
flip button difficult to press at times
Voice quality patchy, Web service very patchy
As with any digital camera, buy rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
size, price, stylus, errors...
NO viewing panel
HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more hassle after that
The screen is not color, phone does not look the best.
fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
Uses up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very fast at printing
Lags in connecting, battery life
Be ready to carry floppys.
get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
Really need second battery.
Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
Price is too High!
Limited disk space.
only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
Power hog, micro size and fumbility
What's That, Are There Any?
Hard to travel with.
battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
Need More Light
No case, alkaline batteries run short
Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option.  #13; #10;
A deft touch is needed to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
haven't found any yet
Price can be scary
Everything else is very poor.
always breaks, every month, it just stops receiving and disables you to send
Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
Color printing and time span per printed page
150 sheet output tray
Some options are slow, but can be expected
Slow on big graphics
became defective after 10 months
can not switch it manually to analog
A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
Cartridges expensive, slow, problems when changing from defaults
None to speak of
Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
None come to mind.
Max size is 8.5 x 14
I don't know
Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
Haven't found one yet
might loose it
Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
flimsy, not good reception
Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
none
all-should be taken off market
8MB Memory Stick
Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
Lens cover not built in, could use more zoom
No cover for LCD
The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
not as many features, heavy
battery consumption
Old battery so short life, Beat up phone
Small keypad, SIM Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
Digital view finder can not display images in low light.
no optical zoom
a pain
Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
battery life, only 2x zoom
no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
Not Much
Noisy- Slow-only holds small amount of paper
ink cost
Menus a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability issues
it is a little bit noisy, but not too bad.
Requires REPEATED cleanings, Fussy about paper
None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
battery life not as long as i would like
Control button to close too bottom of screen for easy manipulation.
Can't use my scanner
no flash, very sensitive
The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
Glitchy error messages at times when there shouldn't be.  Inconsistant quality.
Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
Only 2.5 Zoom
none
clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to use
Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
stupid stupid stupid, don't buy it, i beg you!!
it doesn't work
expensive
No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
lots of problems
Poor quality
Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
Doesn't have good long term reliability
Serial port, only 2mb memory ( 16 pics is not enough ), ugly pictures
fax scanning is it's weakness
Lens cover is not attached
Has some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
battery life not to long
Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery life.
Cartridges
DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
8 mb Smartmedia card too small
A little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
none
4 mb card too small.
not enough zoom, pricey
speakerphone and outside buttons are difficult.
Low Speeds
using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
very high battery consumption
battery life, red-eye
poor mechanical design
UPDATE: My lens malfunctioned.
included serial PC connection is slow
poor battery life, not user friendly
single-band, questionable build quality
Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth functions could be better, mediocre talk time.
none at this time
Supplied battery doesn't last very long without a charge.
No zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
Inablity to change alert profiles with phone closed, color screen eats battery life
None
The Ring Tone Controversy (see below) and Unintuitive Menus
Takes terrible quality pictures
VERY NOISY!, B amp;W ink cartridge emptied quickly, setup not as easy as others
Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
Hate the paper feed tray
Pizza wheels.
Needs bigger memory card
bulky, hard to program, short battery time
not too high image quality
A little on the large side, but no real problems.
Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
Very Poor battery life in analog areas.
Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
expensive
Paper Jams and ink runs out too fast
Darker photos don't print out as well.
Bulky, Heavy and Limited features
slow printing speed
Printer jams very easily.
Without the right software and paper results are average at best.
Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!
A little heavy, takes up alot of room
manual feeding a touch tricky, beige
red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
Shutter freeze hinders action shots
Horrible warranty service plus nightmare of USB interface. amp;#13; amp;#10;
All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
None
very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
Malfunctions
Flimsy, easily broken, head gets misaligned often
Resolution size can't compete with new models
palm OS alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some bugs.
Less goodies than MVC-FD90
Aging when compared to newer models.
short battery life
Unreliable.
flash is weak, eats batteries
as with other digitals, battery life is horrible.  No directions with software
Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at close ones.
Too dark LCD display, battery life, usual functions hasn't own buttons
lacks parking brake, sun shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive.
Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
No alarm clock.
BIG, not color, no expansion capability
No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
That's all it's got going for it.
The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
Stay away from this trash
Packed with annoying features - try before you buy
Screen can be scratched and no carrying case has been designed.
none.. I love it
plastic, not durable
None
No zoom, short battery life
cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
Frustrating controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
long booting time, flash too bright
Battery life is not the greatest
slow to focus
Can't turn off some sound functions. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
Not particularly attractive.
Volume setting too low (you cannot talk in loud areas), tiny power button.
a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
slow LCD
Cheap, No USB cable included.
none so far
None.
Several...
delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
Not recommended for close-up shots.
pricey
Antennae does not stay locked down when not in use.
you need a large trunk, minivan, or truck
Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are used.
Accessory prices
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
Cartridge replacement can be tricky.
I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on camera itself.
AT T no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
None
Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
NO speaker phone option, no digital camera
Rare face plates cause bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
Short life/Short standard warranty
Not cheap enough, found better stuff in Cracker Jack boxes
Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted.
You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
Minor bugs in firmware.
Slow transfers with serial connection
none found (yet)
Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
Small buttons - easy to misdial, screen resolution poor
None
haven't found any
drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
Gimmicky camera (cool, though) buttons not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
None that i can think of!
No zoom.
slow at times
Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
The price tag of $200 to $249. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Prints can have a dramatic color shift to orange.  Read more before buying!
no usb cable in the box
antenna form factor, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
ink use is not always so economic
Battery compartment would not close, no flash, poor software, streaky pictures.
Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the base for most graphic work... but ..just enough
Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
Minor problem printing small size paper.
Sprint PCS support people overwhelmed.
Heavy, battery life.
The duplex attachment is more sensitive to jams.
Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
Very poor resolution
sometimes hard to hear people, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
No live image preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could use more AF sensors; raw format images slow to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
Cartridges are expensive.
not good for sports(blurry)
No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's
Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
very slow, ink cartridges are more expensive than average
Lens cap, price
none we have found
slow shutter.
Added expense of accessories
Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting color output
paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge loading
Cartridges are really expensive
cost of ink cartridges
None
durability, proformance, antena, quality
Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
Price. Canon should have included Microdrive
SHORT and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
Doesn't do anything well. Expensive. Really big.
no place to put alphanumeric
Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
None yet
New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
REALLY SLOW
no speakerphone
only half capacity cartridges shipped with the printer.
not much memory to keep the shots, small LCD preview screen
Build quality not for the long haul
wimpy 8MB compact flash card
very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't last long
Low quality pictures, need outside software to get good results.
Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape takes a little getting used to
a lil unwieldly and the phone pad gets heated up!
color and ink runs out quick
Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
No "Get It Now" feature, back panel sometimes hard to remove
No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. cover
Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, needs more buttons.
May be too small for some people, a bit expensive
battery hog
Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print,
No USB connection, no output paper tray.
None at this time!
resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
Picture save time
short battery life
SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
expensive
Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, hard to find paper, bad software
Printer driver was a chore to install
Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
Little memory.
Doesn't like to operate through other devices. No Parallel or USB connection cables included.
about 50$ a battery
Battery consumption
Small Battery Life
Hard to wash covering
Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
frequent break downs
small and cheap
Viewfinder, occasional focus problems
Short battery life, does not come with many necessary accessories, poor resolution.
Seems to clean the heads before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
Can't talk   Charge, horrible call quality, Just bad in general.
gold face plate standard
no frills (like WAP), strange rings
A little heavy
only 2.5X optical zoom
needs extra smart card almost immediately
Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
None significant
No expandable memory.
little pricey, small ink cartridges
Slow, Holds only black OR color cartridge at one time.
S100 only has an ISO setting of 100, and digital zoom is not seamless.
Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
Scared of losing it, A bit pricey
Noisy; big and heavy
Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software  amp; BAD support.
Less Nice to the Wallet and Ear
PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF AND DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!
Too little flash for dark situations, the 8MB memory stick that comes with camera.
Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
expensive accessories, video mode
pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
Cost
not perfect
Camera, flip phone
Color printing, and price
Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors Come out poor.
Battery life needs to be extended (but still better than many competing phones).
Wow what a rip off
A little large, but light weight even so
Zoom could be better
Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
Reception, ring volume, key times
none
Horrible engineering of UI/OS
Expensive, battery life slightly low, navigation can be difficult.
Hinge is a little flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, slow Java virtual machine
time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package;
Slow zoom, Autofocus not as quick as some other digitals
No USB support
No cable (parallel or USB)
Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
Besides the lack of features...none!
View finder does not "frame" same size as CCD display.
don't know of any
Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen in sunlight.
Hard installation, SLOW
The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
batteries are expensive
Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs
expensive consumables
Battery Life, Shutter Speed is temperamental and photo quality may suffer in low light conditions.
no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery.
Very small, for small hands
No lens cover
Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
Too new for all stores to have ink cartridges, yet.
Not one!
battery life, have to flip the flash
Larger size (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
Verizon completely removed Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
Battery life
Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
Bit confusing to use, poor written manual, poor image quality on phone.
Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Long; Needs a More User Friendly Menuing System
big
User manual, menus take getting used to.
Weight
slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
Too many bells and whistles to scare the novice user.
none so far
You will get NO customer service.
it breaks many times, bad reception and battery life is short
Does not work well with parallel pass through port
no clock
No reception anywhere. locks up, have to remove battery to unlock.
I don't like them
NONE
weight, look, feel, user interface
Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
Limited service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
Multi-Segment AF not so great, but center focus is fine.
Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
Losing it or misplace it
No lens cover, battery drainer
Small Buttons
durability, small hard-to-use buttons
limited photographic composition
Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
Noisy and sluggish
Delicate antenna
Some software glitches.
Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't buy if you wanna text lots.
Impossible to see screen outdoors.  Signal strength indicator horribly inaccurate.
battery life
Can occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
dealing with HP if there is a problem
poor image quality, no display
Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
none
"Web-ready" in name only; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
Text bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
none
No automatic envelope feeder, the paper tray fits both letter and legal which makes it stick out beyond the printer body in the rear of the machine.
downloaded ringers needs to be much louder, button placement
Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
lens adapter, lack of case
None!
Nothing.
Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
Vibrating feature not standard, antenna
low resolution (640x480), not supposed to work in Win XP
Address book takes some getting used to. Long antenna.
Problems with thick paper stock

A frustrating exercise in planned obsolescence.
You've got to wait a long time before it prints for the primming process.
terrible print/fax quality; color copying is awful
Up to $3.16/minute when roaming!
antenna is flimsy, navigation is better on starTAC(but very minor con), not a GSM phone
short battery time
Memory card is small
Ink Cartidges are expensive
expensive, not that roomy for back rider
Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker use
--
You get what you paid for.
Low optical zoom (2x)
mechanical parts
Print quality on plain paper, operating costs.
Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life
None that I know of
heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
Not enough room to type them all here, please read the epinion
flat design may take some getting used to
A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
Size, battery
Questionable durability.
Pretty good reception, ok battery life.
REALLY BUGGY!!
Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
horrible color issues left my pictures looking unrealistic  amp; cartoon-like
The case is cracking, the antenna is bent. Poor battery life.
cost
OEM inks non-archival, a bit slow.
none
THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE MAD!, Poor Zoom quality  amp; shutter lag.
Durability,tech. glitches
A Little Hard to Program
poor product design
no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
old
Uses to much ink, jams up
Lack of shutter/aperature control. Complicated menu system for advanced features.
skips when printing
annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
a little slow
Static is occasionally a problem
overpriced, lack of wide angle
No Bluetooth option, no voice dialing, headphones uncomfortable.
cant lite the front screen in the dark. indistinguishable buttons.
Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a little large for a folding phone.
I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
limited memory stick comes w/ camera
Physical quality bad. Hard to find accessories.
No lens cover
buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
Poor battery life when using display, only 2X optical zoom
Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
Pricey but you get what you pay for.
Distance shots, large and bulky.
low storage capacity
AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
kills batteries very fast
Price of ink replacement cartridges.
Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
None
bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies quick
Baby Trend difficult to reach by phone
2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
Slow, noisy
Playing MP3s drain battery quickly.
unreliable
The price
slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg
Joystick type control annoying at times.
Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
Frequently overused and akward to carry
None found so far.
Pictures can be a little fuzzy
All performance--reliability, clarity, reception, battery life, etc
Poor audio quality, lack of intuitive user interface, inconsistent call quality
Moderate battery life, no USB connection
nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
Have to flip through all the names in the directory.
Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
LCD screen vulnerable to scratching.
Has a hard time focusing in low light
Maybe a little small for hubbies bigger fingers.
cheesy lenscap
none so far
indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
Poor display picture quality
color quality wasn't great
Bad at photographing movement
Coverage in rural areas (AT amp;T), small speaker
Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
A little bit too bulky.
Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
button placement
It doesn't come with a camera case!
some menu options aren't intuitive
Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
so-so picture quality, no zoom
serial photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
very low pixels,high battery usage
No speaker phone or web browser
Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
Too many to list.
Still looking
Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
sound quality is only so-so
cheap
No downloadable ringtones
Not many faceplates to choose from, Lots of glare in sun, hard to find accessories.
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
Price
Can't Cure Red-Eye
No ringer + vibrate mode.
No USB support.  Short battery life.
Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if you want to synch with computer
Phones   Plans are expensive, programming hard to understand
GSM does not work well in San Diego
None
Must have extra equipment (printer), Uses batteries which can die, Expensive replacement disks, Uses up hard drive space
Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
U.S.B.  amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
No 'through the viewfinder" information. Cutting edge technology = painful pricing. Limited enlargements
for constant use it eats up batteries
Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
need extra battery, memory.
Lacks some options, kinda large and heavy.
Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
Color Printing Is Not That Great
None so far
Flashier and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to the 8260
A little pricy...but worth it
Could have better sound quality, no color screen
Bad quality, doesn't work sometimes.
Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery charges in camera, off-set tripod mount amp;#13; amp;#10;
Not compatible with iStream.
3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
It's a piece of junk!
None Right Now!!!
Soft ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
Not very many options
does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
Not so good on Macros
Hard on batteries
No screen protector, that I guess could get beat up over time.
Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
Ink use; ink expense
None.  A very good value!
price for average joe like you and me ... only one I can think of
Print time (but easy to shorten)
not as clear as other cameras
Large dimensions, design
Depends on what you'll use it for
Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
Very noisy and shaky when printing
maybe a bigger optical zoom...
Uses tons of ink and needs constant head cleaning
avg speed
Voicemail can be tricky
Too many to list
no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
None
no bluetooth
no lcd picture preview.
SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
Output paper tray could be made a little better. Included software is terrible.
reception not good, no colour background, monophonic ringtone.
Fragile, might be too small for some
Turns itself off, powers off, AT T and Cingular discontinued and Tmobile denies problem.
No optical zoom. SM card too small.
Ringer volume can only be adjusted by going into the menu; can't re-label phone numbers
Picture quality depends on the photographer.
Odd address book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
can't handle too many fumbles
Battery life could be a little longer. Needs more memory.
battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
static in speakers in car and also bothers the computer monitor.
High cost.
none
Lame games
too many options, do they know when enough is enough?
Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
Paper Tray, Single Cartridge Holder, Alignment, Expensive Cartridges
$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
Battery doesn't last as long as others.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
Expensive
Poor  amp;quot;print-out amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
None
Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
Not Web Enabled
No Alpha Phone Book, Dropped Calls, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display and buttons hard to read without backlight
A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
Tiny display (phone side).
none
Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
Battery eater, have to connect to computer every time you download pictures
Loud
None known.
Hard to see screen in sunlight
no TIFF format, LCD is small
A bit fat - takes up space
Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. Flash is just OK. Battery life is awful!
8MB card, Not rechargeable
stated elsewhere
I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few weeks.
Not many
none
Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
The ink cartridges are small and run out quickly.
See Review Above
holster, speaker not loud enough, slow processor, lousy manual
Ink Hog, Poor Output
EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, bad reception always....
At this price, none  ,
firmware; gui; poor camera quality; no EDGE or UTMS support; small RAM size
no color display if that's important to you.
no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
No AC adapter, only 4MB card
NO SUPPORT..
Ugly menu
Lacking some features that I don't really need
none to speak of
none
Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
NONE
battery life, side on/off button
Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, heavy, fragile,
no usb included
Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
Nothing yet...
No vibrate mode; Cheap Plastic Casing
none that I've found
Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
My web is broken for now, but that is verizons fault, not the phone.
no optical zoom
battery life is important
None!
none
no sync cable/few accesories for phone
Price
Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are limited
eats up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not working
Navigational key takes some practice to master
Flimsy lens cover
??
So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
buttons hard to use
Bad Reception, a little heavier than other cell phones
Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
Annoying delay when shooting photos.  No audible or tactile feedback.
Text quality  amp; speed not good -  amp;#13; amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
Only minor ones.
BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
Color print quality
NONE
Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
None
Communicam
Basket not included
Just not a great printer
Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
Slow, hard to feed paper
Requires software, Short battery life
is an older model so it lacks certain features
not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
fabric wore out easy and the padded seat comes off with time
Cartridges get blocked really easily, paper gets jammmed often
Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
I couldn't think of any PROS
Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
high price
A few fairly minor hiccups
None
Noisy, A bit large
No AC adapter.
image quality
Fragile, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags.
Focusing problems in certain situations
Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
Viewfinder (night/low-light), Poor battery status indicators, Lens cap design
louder than flash card cameras
display can be hard to see in sunlight
Slow and noisy, uses a lot of ink.
The batteries go dead pretty quick.
No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, battery life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
not USB, needs some extras
That it can sometimes get a little out of control
Using LCD eats batteries,
EVERYTHING ELSE
Too big and cumbersome
Prints look too light, no network adapter
Shutter Lag
Bad print quality, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home use, slow
blurred picture, price
zoom can be a pain, battery use
Blurry outdoor images
None
Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.
paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
one software problem with sound
Flash is not centered over lense.. will generate some red-eye
2X OPTICAL, BATTERY LIFE
Low Battery Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
games, computer connectivity.
some sound distortion, not sure if its the service or phone.
Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
none
Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
very very poor picture quality and out of business...you wont get rebate
Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
Battery does not last as long as it should.
no USB
Its hard to manipulate if you take it in large crowds
Memory too small, slow charge between shots.
No direct USB. No carrying case included.
Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
Slow menus, buggy software, screen unreadable with backlight off
none!
No voice dialing, a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
Time to turn on-off
Expensive print cartridges
why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
flash as in all digitals inadequate
Startup loading takes too long... takes awhile to familiarize with all the features
Buttons are tiny. Easy to make unintended calls.
Cheesy carrying pouch
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
printing
low grade pictures, confusing menus, expensive
Battery life is average, can't talk while phone is charging
Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
Can't recieve new tones
None!!
none
No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
Has No Velcro
Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
not a good name brand
No coverage in many part of U.S.
no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
not photographic quality,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger size
Front slider easily broken
Always in analog. Kicked off towers easily.  No fun ringers and not a color screen.
Bulky compared to most cellular phone.
too much money
um... it didn't WORK (at least not very well)
Have troubles capturing moving objects. Does not include case and AC adapter.
NONE
Low resolution by today's standards.
poor reception.
None
Size, weight.
Everything else but the battery life.
uses a lot of batteries, small memory
carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. Head clogs with non-Epson inks
Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
Defective case makes creaking noises
A bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
Poor design, horrible contacts
Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots. amp;#13; amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
I can't afford two
Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
If anything, battery life
price
hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
overall clarity of pictures
Signal Strength, battery heats up
Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
Antenna, screen, phone color
battery life is short, not as good of resolution as the higher priced cameras
had some problems x 3
Paper feed, four color CMYK system, will not read smart media files above 2Mb
Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
None worth mentioning
a little bulky, a bit pricey if you get it full-price, downloads aren't all free
too big for me
None
screen hard to read in sunlight
The battery life is not nearly as long as advertised.
W2K drivers need to include Ink Level Status, No USB cable included.
Hard on batteries
Camera is sufficient.
Nothing to write here.
low battery life
A little difficult to learn.
No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
EVERYTHING
Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
cranky -- fails to perform at odd times
Loud and long time to shut off and on.
Can only purchase accessories from ATT
I can't think of any.
lens cap
Only an 8mb flash card. A little pricey.
Windows XP users may have to download additional software to use this product
awful reception, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
No calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
No external display; button size; no external speaker
Does NOT easily work with Macs!
Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
Indoor photos can wash out, no sound with video (read on), pointless 16MB card
Fragile, Hard to hear
small screen, problem w/ battery
bad printing image, slow shutter
No pan capability when zoomed in review mode
Ink Cartridge costs
ATT carrier in the city
Too many battery problems, software on the phone doesn't work properly
Limited Supply
I don't like the fact that I cannot access the web hardly anywhere.
steep learning curve, no USB transfer
Better ringers
Poor Image Quality
Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
Drivers
Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod helps.
A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
Size
Unintuitive menu icons
- Image colours slightly pale
Little heavy. No movie mode. No viewfinder.
Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
No extras
the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
none for me
Must use car seat base
slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
Relatively poor quality, warranty turnaround too long
none
did not come with installation disk
Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
No stationary brakes.
none
autofocus cycling is a bit slow
ends up costing alot to buy all the different things
lags a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a little blurry,  auto focus needs tweeking.
?
MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
none
4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable
Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
See above :)
photos slightly dark indoors-still great
poor reception, cumbersome size, software glitches
Awful software ease of use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
screen a bit dark, voice dial not accurate, bat life..
None that I can think of
flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very responsive
images are blurry or poorly lit.
Dropped calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
Poor reception, poor body casing durability
ink tank alignments
No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
Not quite perfect photo quality
Hard to read display
I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
Short Battery Time
Too many to mention
Pricey
Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
Need a slightly larger font #13; #10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
not made for people over 6'2 amp;quot;
Small size makes it awkward to dial, program.
CompactFlash compartment; very hard to get the memory back out.
size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
Pictures are very grainy and seem out of focus
THE HEADPHONE JACK! Static.
slow,unreliable,high maintenance
no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries go fast unless you get NiMH
jams a lot and broke fast
outside scratches, cost (high)
Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax
Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
Software / driver problems
keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
sucks up batteries
Can be a little slow when put into  amp;quot;Best amp;quot; mode
difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
Battery life  amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor software!!
This camera is slow to turn on, and does not have a very impressive zoom
Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
none
Hard to find in stores
High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
A little awkward to hold
Battery life, battery life, more memory
Short battery life
doesn't come with the cable
numeric keys are a little TOO small
Outside case can damage too easily!
yes
none yet
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
USB functionality does not initialize properly
Little bulky, not much memory.
No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
poor LCD display in low light, delay in shot
Some advanced features available only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
no analog zoom, no external flash connect options, battery life
Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
None yet
Lacks some features of G2
battery life
Major paper feed problems
No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
High cost of black ink
Heads require frequent cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for beginners
cartridge size, time of use
low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and drops calls
Awkward Charger, Not the best reception but good.
picture quality at night or very low light is not good.
Shutter lag, size
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
basket is too small
poor battery life,small memory card
CAN'T HEAR ON THE EARPIECE
None
battery life, only 1.3
poor quality
I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't think of any
Camera detail isn't great
Expensive, not many "extra" features.
No Negative rating
Worked for only a year with battery power
Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
the b and w suffers
Battery life, takes a second to close because of the zoom lense.
Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
The only con is that it doesn't come with battery charger
Auto metering not that great.  You need to know a bit about photography to use.
no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
Cost of the printer cartridges.
No speed demon
Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
Antenna is bulky, no one hand opening, slippery
battery life
may be too small for some, expensive, GSM service may be spotty
LCD image quality could be better.
Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
short battery life, dropped calls frequently
Lousy battery life.
Print head goes out and it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever.
After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
Small internal memory, included software not anything great
paper jams, ink cartridge access, print quality
You may not always get a clear signal
Memory
Software package is weak - uses regular AA Batteries
battery sits very loose, low frills
Too many, read the review
batteries won't hold a charge
Not Internet Compatible
Battery life (keep a spare battery on hand).
I work for HP (just joking)
Keyboard is OK, ringer needs to be louder.
lcd display shows finger and nose prints
Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
Poor battery performance, terrible reception
none to date
A few fairly minor hiccups
cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
Short battery life when downloading
CF cards are expensive and some dont work at all
Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization,
Price; Non-holographic display
only 2mb (enough for normal duty)
no 2.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc mode sucks.
Drinks battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
Small buttons
Cannot complete a conversation due to drop outs.
A little on the larger side compared with many new phones
cant think of any
Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
very beautiful
None.
16MB Memory stick definitely not enough
Buggy screen, model is long in the tooth
PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
Does not have a shoulder strap and carry bag.
Its all a sad charade
Goes through batteries rather quickly.
Drops calls and shuts down without warning nor cause.
Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
big
Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
None so far.
cost of ink
Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
Nothing
Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
no built in vibrating battery
Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, hard to dial by touch.
Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
Sensitive to paper used, large footprint
pretty no-frills, no calculator function, stopwatch function, etc...
Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, Smaller buttons
Battery, antenna, the speaker is worthless, and the headset feature is junk.
Bad metering, Must be in manual  to force flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
None
no power supply, expensive batteries, poor design
Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
low battery life
moderate picture quality
A little bulky and $$$$.
8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
Ink cartridges are pretty expensive.
Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate mode, bulky charger.
basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
Expensive, doesn't recline much, small basket
cost of cartridges
Not a flip phone, not many "bells and whistles"
Only 1216X932
A little noisy at start up
no clock, no minute minder
looks, ring- tones
Could use a faster chip, or shorter pauses between actions.  GSM towers still being built.
LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
Picture quality could be better, bulky
Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
none
a bit pricey for Joe average if your not going to use all the functions
needs zoom
eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
A little bulky and heavy but its expected with so many features.
Door hinges are flimsy.
sharpness, write time
video feature not useful, cost
A lot of dead air time
Slow, drinks ink, difficult to operate
Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
Very slow
Very user un-friendly buttons, bad reception, my husband hates it!
regular paper printing
SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
Some software glitches and screen problems.
Battery Hog
The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
none
Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac.
The prices are somewhat high.
Battery life
none
Hard to lift in the trunk.
bad holster, software
Initializing of first print page really slow.
reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
Must use certain types of Photo Paper amp;#13; amp;#10;Black Text bleeds on regular paper
Poor design.  Poor Reception.
Price, locks up every so often.
no USB, flash quality/red eye
The button layout is poor, battery life isn't quite what is advertised.
Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
none
zoom lens, ackward lens cap
Battery life; talk time; earpiece volume;
not too many ringing types and more storage of numbers
Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
price
No MP3 player.  Must remove battery to access MMC card.
ALL depends on what software you are using
None that I can see.
Menus do not cover all features
Sucks ink, and the ink sucks
Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
2001 model is plastic and can break easily.
.70c per print with high quality paper, slow
Careful how you enter names, It does not put names in alphabetical order.
So so software
Processor seems to have some software glitches.
everything else
No USB sync, backlight poor
Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
shutter buttons drop out
Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
No included case
Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on desk.
image quality bad during low as well as too much light
tech staff and printing
Lack of alarm/timer
can't print higher than a 5x7
Hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a call.
No zoom, no extra lenses available
No lens cover, fixed focus, no zoom
no viewfinder and pricey extras
"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
software,noise
pay long distance for tech support
Eats through batteries, heavy
Program mode is not shiftable.
Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
vibrate, voice name dialing
AC adapter not included
flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
Poor Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder.
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in Low Light
Harder to use than nokia
None
Poor quality, poor microphone
below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible to read
short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom
??
slightly difficult menu button arrangement
Slow......
Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
no speaker phone
The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
Not Web enabled
BATTERY LIFE, NO SPEAKER.
LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
Straps on car seat too short
Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
Serial interface
Sprint customer service stinks
Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
doesn't always work
none
Does not come with a case.  16mb flash card allows for only 20 photos.
bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
None noticed by this novice
SM card has just 128M maximum.
Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
Viewfinder scratches easily
TOO big and near impossible to steer.
Outrageously bad telephone support.
Short standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones  /or screen savers, too small
Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
none
Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be pressed HARD or several times for response.
Limited zoom and eats batteries
rear brakes
vibration is not strong at all
Slow printing, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
only had mine for 4 days but no cons (it's excellent)
No color printing available.
Poor reception.  Poorly placed mouse buttons.
No TIFF/RAW, sometimes ackward behaviour.
Almost nothing
battery eater
flash limits after about 8 feet image tails off
Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
design, complex software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
flash, flash, flash, flash
less-than-perfect reception, larger size/weight than many phones
need more zoom!
Voice tagging needs work
A bit pricey
Looks awful on the inside
no ringtones, no way to change heading/logo
Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
Trouble focusing Slow response time
Bad reception, hangs up frequently, turns itself off and on
High price on cartridges from local stores
Easy to lose (because of size), accessories.
Doesn't have many that's why people generally love it.
The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
?
Memory size (needs upgrade)
none
long distance catapulting of occupant due to lack of brakes
Difficult to push and turn
low quality printing
Seems fragile, expensive, bad signal reception
Speakerphone not loud enough to be used outdoors or in a car
Poorly-written driver for parallel port cable, no cable included.
Price
only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
uses battery power fast if you don't have the dock
No wireless web or voice dialing
Voice dial is strange. Can only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint camera!
Price and size
Cables too close
poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff buttons
Larger than most new cell phones, expensive
A little slow on the auto focus.
None too mentionable
Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
none
Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
Voice recognition dialing is unreliable
big
Didn't Hold Up Well When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
Very sensitive equipment...breaks down on medium to rough handling
price a little high, must stand still when taking photos
more pricey than other joggers
everything else is better
none yet
Some options are inoperative
More features than I will likely use
Takes a while to get used to it.
unreliable company dcprodirect
Needs a fair bit of light; no flash; manual focus
USB cable had to be purchased separately
Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
The price is higher than some brands.
Useless bundled software, no DC cord included, zoom is kinda weird, not feature laden
Confusing menus, a bit on the bigger side, but still pocket friendly
No double sided printing
Rebate ending soon!
A bit expensive
Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
--
Poor quality cover, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
Expense of Operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
Flash isn't great
No web access. :(
battery life, error messages
NONE
it is big, (for today standard)
tiny, hard to read keys.
slow, slow, slow
None
8 MB included CF Card is too small
Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
noisy, first print takes a while to get going
what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
No speakerphone, small keys, mediocre phonebook
Just not the same as film
Not touch screen, wierd keypad layout.
Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
Too large, a bit slow
$Pricey
battery use
It isn't free...
none
Expensive, mediocre battery life
LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
So many features you cannot afford to lose the instructions; battery life
Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
wish it had higher optical zoom
Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
Drinks ink.   Warranty repairs at 6months. Now (18 months) Head needs replacing @ $215.00.
none so far
slow printing on color
Doesn't focus very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
Long battery recharge time.
It always breaks
Buttons on sides get pushed often when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
Too slow, short life of cartridges
Few and far between
paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
No USB connection
Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
Locks up
Main screen is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
plain design, speed
Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
Has poor quality in low light situations.
battery life
everything else
Can be an ink hog at times
some bugs, marginal documentation / support, No IR or Bluetooth, no color screen
Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
clunky and awkward to carry
Only works with SprintPCS, A bit pricey but worth it
missing good PIM features.
No Zoom available and drains batteries too rapidly.
1) Close Up Focusing
Antenna is a bit long.
slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
Costly accessories, phone can't run from adapter alone, awkward user-interface
No USB
It comes in a decent price.
Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
Screen could be better
Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally non-intuitive
Price (but it's a bargain compared to others in its class)
Can't think of any
inkjet speed, cost
Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
Not too easy to find faceplates (best place is inkatomi.net), antenna doesn't extend, b/w screen.
sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
Weak vibrate, sound quality!
not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
None
not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
Eats a lot of batteries
Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Can never have enough megapixels
Battery and charging time
limited space and slow transfer speed of media
no zoom
not great for pictures, cartridge cost
Eats batteries
cost of ink cartridges
No features that stand out
Very slow in taking photo
Noisy, ink user
Weak Ringers!
Verizon Disabled Features
no clock
Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still loud, just a tad bit too long
Pricier than other options
Bad service history with Sprint
NONE!
Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
Limited video time
Customer service lacking
basket storage limited
Still new - few faceplates and accessories available right now. #13; #10;
get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon banners
black cartridge becoming scarce
Bad ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
No LCD, No Video Out, Batteries
doesn't play games like its big brothers
Unreliable OS/hardware
NO durability at all.
too many options/features for the average non-tech person
Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
Operations in Bright Sunny Conditions.
very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
Camera is sufficient.
lose it easy
drains the batteries pretty quick
EATS batteries.
reception is bad here but good there
Takes a while to get pictures onto computer
Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
Could use more choices of ringtones :)
Short Battery Life
kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
Annoying sensitive buttons on the side, no video
Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
The only fault is having to download to your computer.
none noted
If one color goes, then entire color cartridge needs replacement.
Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
Chunky by todays standard, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); poor battery life
Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a bit big?!
I haven't found one yet
HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
Short battery life, Weak Flash, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
Slow recovery and Software
NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
Although the phone itself accepts ringtones, you CAN'T get them if you're a Verizon Customer!
Speaker could use more power, standard battery runs out fast.
built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped working.
Awkward, complicated interface
Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
no zoom
Navigational buttons
Low Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
The reception with ATT could be better. But its good enough.
Shorter battery life?
Too large, soft ringing volumes, bad display, Horrible talk/standby time,too basic #13; #10;
Signal strength, sound, Samsung support, Battery life
Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
None that I know of so far.
Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
Limited battery life
Not the best choice for a business person.
Battery door is finicky.
A bit loud/paper pulling problem
I dislike the Navi button
I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
Expensive but cheaply made, looks durable but isn't, battery fades with use, etc. etc. etc.
Red eye, a little on the expensive side
antenna could be stronger, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
craftsmanship, quality
loud click, message memory runs out quick
Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
Straps caused minor discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
cant think of one.
Some of the features like the browser and voice dialing cease to work at times.
The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
heats up quickly, mediocre games
price, need to service
only 1.3 megapixel
read above
Only thing I could say is the battery life...but the pros far outweigh this!
Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
looks, size and noise
Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have  amp;quot;fish bowl amp;quot; effect
low picture quality, short battery life
Everything else
None
None
Belt Clip accessory isn't comfortable
Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
Only flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
GSM Technology still playing catch up
without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
Very pricey, short battery life.
No optical zoom
Pop up flash; price.
Easy to lose(!)
Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
small ringtone selection
No lens cover
canopy cannot be moved to the front to block the sun
Inadequate flash; Slow recovery between pics; Retail is too expensive (though there are deals out there)
No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
no good directions in the box
Battery life
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
Batteries are consumed quickly, poor auto focus and LCD/EVF visibility indoors
Keypad is very hard to use
expensive functionality
Expensive, crashes occasionally.
floppies fill fast (stick solves that!)
No IR port, low quality ring tone, lag time on menu access
HP ink is always expensive
Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
LCD iffy quality, average return/repair policy
Slow transfer time via serial port
No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to replace the ink tanks
Low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not much help if there is a problem
shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
Picture quality not a high as standard film.
battery life
It gets bad reception if living an area where there are alot of mountains
price,no longevity, sound quality
Eats batteries like no body's business!
large footprint
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
Get what you pay for.
none I can think of
Software bugs and space eater
Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, heavy
Somewhat heavy, lots of unwanted features
Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning.
no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
Work arounds required for software use.  Photo quality is less than stellar.
lack of resolution in enlargements
none
No zoom feature
Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
none
Battery Life is short, no external flash
amp;#13; amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
Needs a more powerful zoom
Battery life, add-ons expensive, small compactflash memory included (8M)
Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do some features.
No manual focusing
A little bulky
not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
I have not found any yet
Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
Terrible Web interface, No games or calculator, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
none
small basket
Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key scratches display when closed.
Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short talk time w/o bigger battery
Pics can sometimes be a bit yellowish
Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
Long, buttons pretty small.
Reception, reception, reception. Sound quality marginal when too far from towers.
None
Heavy, big
Have to agree with everyone the lens cap is terrible.
Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick!
I'll let you know when I find one!
Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
battery time
expensive, bulky
No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
Menu gets confusing, battery
Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I would like
Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; hard to get knowledgeable support.
Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs.
Cost of ink cartridges.
Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
Belt clip is weak
Only 2x zoom
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges using a kit.
Lack of internal disk space
None so far.
static-filled reception indoors, echoing when on calls to a digital phone, prone to software problems.
If you are getting this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY low.
color images average
Bad pictures, flimsy, not worth the money.
Scrathes Easy
Reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as good as the best.
pricey, holster problem, can't distinquish difference between ringer ID   text messages
Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life.
Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
None at this price point
can be slow at times for large pictures
Cost... Cost...
LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
Size rivals remote controls, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
Price, difficulty hearing, heats up, games, basic features
None
Running costs.
Gobbles batteries
Batteries are pretty expensive
No vibrating battery option. No hardwire #13; #10;Handsfree Car Kit.
Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
none
eats batteries, tri-pod mount
The strap does not seem secure  amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
A little slow, runs out of color fast
No pretty daisy covers that I have found.
price
4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie  amp; no sound.
No sync tools yet
LCD problems, flimsy
Cheap
video is not really that great, but oh well.
Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
Ring Volume when closed.  Wireless Web.
high cost of cartridges, slow to print several sheets of material
none
No USB 2.0, 2X Zoom
No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
Comes with a 8Mb memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
pricey
the on/off button is a little 'touchy'
could use a speaker phone
No real ones
High price
Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to see without the back light.
Phonebook is a pain.
Costly to maintain
sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
Camera button in the worst possible location!
Proprietary bluetooth support.
Battery life, reception problems, too small for some hands, price
Battery sucks
Can't find any yet...
a little slow, only one ink cartridge
Weak flash, poor battery life, limited feature set, design/ergonomics, fuzzy pictures,
Slow download time  amp;amp; somewhat degredation in photos in poorly lit rooms
somewhat bulky compared to new phones
Cartridge Cost
Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
WARNING DO NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after warranty expired.
does not use standard hands-free
poor quality images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it brakes, its discontinued... to list a few
Photo printing
Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
Eats batteries!
Shortish battery life
eats batteries
difficult to open  amp;amp; close
This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
not yet......
Unreliable charger
Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
lack of high resolution
Still not a top quality printer.
When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
no optical zoom, small lcd
Known issues with screen assembly in early builds of this model
short battery life
limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
Color Correction is a little confusing.
drink tray jiggles a little bit
Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
The battery goes dead after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
Rather short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as part of program.
Eats batteries. amp;#13; amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side. amp;#13; amp;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
Built-in LED flash not worth using.
Eats Batteries.
Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
Touchy side buttons, included ringtones are limited
No vibrating alert
ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
None
it died after 8 months of use.
battery, battery, and battery
grainy enlargements
The quality of bright colors is extremely poor.
Sometimes hard to print
may be awkward for some
Incredibly, does not support printer sharing with other machines.
Not very impressive picture quality.
Call volume bad, no alarm cock
Only takes USB port, takes a long time to process information to the printer
Bad digital Zoom
battery life
Slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
top feeding printer
very unreliable
2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
no voice dialing anymore
No USB cable, won't network.
Ink cartridge don't hold much ink.
The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to work
Seems to break easily
Slow, Big, Low Quality prints
No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
Average shutter lag and minor image noise, ,
Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
Can be a little confusing at first
a little difficult to see letters on keys, that's it! big problem ehh?
none yet
Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very durable.
No sound for movie feature.
More difficult to change faceplate, but I haven't wanted to yet anyway.
cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to each other.
Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery Life
Software bugs. Speaker phone is useless.
Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.
Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
Downloads cost $ and are licensed for 90 days only; variable reception quality
Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
Does not work. Very tipical of canon products.
Relativly small LCD
They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
Not very user-friendly
they don't give them away
Very pricey
price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one seat position.
1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
Short battery life, limited games, no online access
Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
Can't charge with desktop charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
Ink Usage, Durability
Squeeeeeeky, and then some
Display issue, missing features of newer phones
Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
Memory too small, Use Sony memory only
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
bad connection
Large battery...poor construction.
doesn't focus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless  amp;quot;features amp;quot;
not found any yet
No ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
Serial Cable
no carrying case
warm-up time too long and noisy.
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
Modest to short battery life.
Games suck.
not exactly cheap
Buy Rechargeables. Software Sucks use Microsoft Picture it instead!!
Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
none that I can report
poor reception, poor quality, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
Ink remnants on some print jobs.
expensive memory
average battery life
costly replacement cartrigde
Navigation buttons too small.  Gets a little warm after long use.
Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
doesn't ship with case
Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
Serial rather than USB connection
ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey!
Battery life without headset
pricey
Small annoyances in the menu features and keyguard
a little difficult to fold down
Some have software issues, power button is in a bad spot
Mediocre signal strength
Price
Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME.
battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
ink cost
Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper feed problems
not too fast
Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
It's ugly
I wish that it was a tad faster when printing photos
very heavy to carry
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Small Display, Non Wap
NONE
- packaged batteries, - packaged Flash Card (16mb)
Not good for moving objects
charger base,vibrate mode is too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
Haven't seen any cons
Screwy frequency, scratchy screen
did not come with a/c adaptor
None
Tiny screen, no WAP/web, limited battery life
unless you are an idiot like me
Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky.
Printheads easily become dirty; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
Battery life is short, and I've had problems with the flash card door.
Poor software.  Toss it.
Sometimes signal could be better
Print Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
Sunshade on stroller could be larger
FOCUS, FOCUS, FOCUS
FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
antena broke off eventually, sand gets in keys
breaks a lot ????
Read on.....
Somewhat Slow Speed
not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
Maybe a bit expensive.
not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
antenna
Shorter seat  amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
rough ride over rugged terrain
battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
durability, volume
Battery Problems; Hard to Find
Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
According to my daughter "No games."
Small buttons, smudges easily
messages are unreadable, battery doesn't last as long as promised
small number keys
just alittle pricey but worth it!
slow loading,  fast ink consumption
Wait period between shots seems long.
???
constantly runs out of battery power
Shape too thick, needed repair
Printing Speed, Ink hunger
Questionable long term durability
Everything else.
No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
None
Costly and jams often.
cell range, falls out of hip holster
Chronically misfeeds
shorter battery life than id like
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized.
no serious
Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
Not very sturdy, fairly lame software
doesn't last, software included has problems of its own
It's not under $100.00
5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive enough, no pouch
It could be a better priced!
Picture Quality
New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
Poor image/movie quality, very fragile, no carry case, expensive (considering package)
High price
Very slow, uses too much ink, and very loud. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Size, Must use LCD for display
Can't open when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery capacity.
Occasionally feeds too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit smaller
Easy to scratch, no speakerphone volume, SLOW Start-up, battery life a little short.
N/A
Not good for outdoor use.
Finicky USB connection
Rubber Flap, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
Not as comfy for newborns
None
Reception, Camera
Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
None.
drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
Everything. It does not print properly
High Price, Download software a little awkward
too many features, bad colors
Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
High price tag, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
none
small basket
large size, unable to download
It just plan stinks
Unreliable
Short Battery Life; Slow Download
Haven't found any yet
None significant
slow, poor quality prints
Does not store incoming faxes.
One-function machine
durability/size
Battery life and charging capabilities are a problem
Rather noisy
none
bad battery compartment design.
very difficult to open
Unknown brand
I waited too long to get it!
It is a real time/money waster
Lack of mechanical zoom.
None
More $$ than the cheapo brands
It may not impress the gadget folks
Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
None so far!
Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS, accessories?
Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
Sliding cover, metal plate heats up after long use, no vibrating battery
Pricey for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not fast enough
Capitalizes the first letter of everything and occasionally will not call out.
Ate batteries ,difficult to use ,and failed me right before vacation.
no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
cartridge costs should come down
None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
No lens cover,  no case
On Off button, irritating tones
Inferior optical quality, rather cumbersome to use,
original ink costs and usage
slow acting shutter button
Battery Life
lots a money to carry around
Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
For a beginner can be somewhat confusing at first.
Same problems as described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers
Short battery life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
None so far!
slow printing time
Hard to find
Battery life
setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
maybe software
eats batteries
Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to look through, camera is a battery eater.
Plastic housing (although feels sturdy).
slow serial connection, no optical zoom
slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quiet, poor reception.
Poor quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
None.
Signal, Battery Life
None.
Works poorly indoors.
Almost none
Vibration mode is not strong enough
Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly priced printers
Prints slowly.  Eats up ink very quickly. Scans quickly.
Everything about it.
costley refills.  $46.00 each
can't download ringtones
none yet
2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
slow at printing pictures
slow, needs some additional purchases
expected more features
8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
Solid Ink can be scraped from paper
Looks cheapy,difficult to hear on loud environments
Over Priced
No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
battery life, flash too strong with artificial lights, long time between shots.
Pictures are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
many  quot;broken quot; links/login troubles
3 pages per minute color
Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
EVERYTHING
Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone out twice in the last 6 months...
Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and slow.
Speed
A little noisy.
Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cable), battery life, a bit large
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
Battery, service availability.
Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
Batteries?????
low quality and slow - must download setup program for Windows ME
Small Screen.
price; lack of view finder
Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
Too heavy to throw into the ocean
Buggy software drivers.
flash inconsistent, takes dark pictures
Noisy start up...uses lots of ink
No color screen, screen size small, a little bit heavy and bulky.
None!
Battery usage and button design
Smart media card storage
Doesn't handle wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too easily.
May be too small for larger hands, no zoom.
no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
sta away from the tdma digital star tac...bad startac! badstartac!
Price tag!!!
Complicated advanced controls.
No speaker phone, phone book can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end buttons
I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
slightly heavier
Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
Cheaply made.
Batteries bad
Image quality is so-so. No flash.
None, for this price range
It gets heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery life  amp; night-scene mode
sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery life on standby
no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
Basket inaccessible when back seat is fully reclined
Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).
Software.  Cheap build quality.
none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
black ink cartridge dries out fast
relatively noisy and slow
No supplied USB cable.
No internal vibrator. Mediocre durability.
slow printing pictures with a lot of colors
Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio output and no colour screen
We wish the battery life was longer.
Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
After one paper jam things got very, very bad
Slow menu response time, irritating contact matching
Slow printing, expensive cartridges
Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
Difficult to change volume on the spot.
good reviews in Computer mag
Using flash with dark night shots
The Bluetooth implementation does not support transferring of regular files.
Canopy, Bottom Mesh Basket
Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
It's an expensive door stop
bulky, quirky performance
Price! Way too much for just a printer.
Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
No color screen
The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is static which disrupts the conversation.
Printer gets noisier as it ages.
battery life (short term and long term), key lock, reception
Proprietary memory stick
size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and one needs to press the shutter button down half way for a second to let the camera adjust focus and exposure.  If you don't do that the picture can come out unfocused.  The battery empty indicator also comes up f
Shuts off completly when any ink cartridge is out.
Surprisingly poor battery life even in digital mode.
only available in chrome face plate
broke after one week, and replacement camera was also defective.
No camera case?
Does not come with black ink cartridge.
Bad reception without the headset
Can't print multiple pages on a single page
Need to buy the lithium battery, no speaker phone, no side volume control
Small size could be a problem for large hands/Not for the expert.
Breaks easily
No rechargeable batteries  amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
Speaker on back is located in a horrible spot that is easy to block.
Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
Runs out of ink fairly quickly
Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
Ergonomics, Menu is complicated, It has a lot of rings, but all boring, Antenna failed
Low battery life - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
Horrible quality
Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
Heavy, too thick, slow automatic mode switching GSM - TDMA
Verizon Disabled Features
Not for big Jobs or office use
Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, Slow
Potential for antenna problems.
LCD screen sensitive and blacks out, battery life 40 minutes not 3 hours as stated
it;s exspensive
Very light weighted!
Major design flaw in flip hinge
Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
might not find it
Exterior scrapes, Battery life!!
Optical zoom only 3x
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
Ringer doesn't go loud enough.
Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't work
none
Slow
Could look better, saves phone numbers to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
Poor case design. Picking up phone often terminates incoming call.
weak included software; not many add-ons
slow on graphics, trouble printing straight,  lt;b gt;loud lt;/b gt;, doesn't always turn it off when you want it to
some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
none that I can see at this time.
Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
High cost, battery consumption
To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
see Deficiencies
Lots of menus, somewhat complicated to navigate, Battery life, bulky.
a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
Slow printing speed, slows down computer, take up a lot of memory, poor quality, JUST DON'T BUY IT
Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
Price is a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
signal strength, i think this has to do with providers
very expensive
Absolutely stupid phone book, can't read display with sun glasses on.
Battery slightly sub par, thicker than GSM brother, Verizon's is crippled
Hard to read top of display, batteries don't have separate charger
can't think of any
Loud, somewhat slow and takes up a lot of room
If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
few ring choices
Expensive ink, slow, clogging may be a problem.
steering is too hard, the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
none
Drops calls, slow OS, no flash on camera, bad camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
Buttons become hard to press over time, battery dies quickly
Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
Only comes with a 8mb smart card
Slightly noisier than I expected
weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
photos are sub-par
Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady,
ink is costly
Really bad software, bad support, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels cheap, etc
Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
BIG, not color, no expansion capability
slow cpu
Hard to hear ringer.  Cant hear person on the other line.
-
Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
Kind of big as cell phones go.
the power button is too small
none thus far
poor quality photos, cheap, no lcd screen
Not flashy, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a good, reliable phone.
alittle bit bulky,
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
Dialing, calling, using, synching, +More
Large, a bit expensive
no extra filters or lenses for this camera
poor reception, antenna can break, small keypad
Somewhat unreliable picture quality
Not as small or lightweight as the 8260
It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
No case or a/c adapter included with package
several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
Malfunctioned twice, goes quickly through batteries
very expensive, web feature is so slow as to be almost useless
Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some tweaking.
user interface, can't feel it vibrate
paper feed problems
noisy and jerks the paper
could not install
Noisy cycling of new pages
"SIGNAL FADED CALL LOST"
No zoom.
None for a novice like me
The Price!
Battery life, digital zoom
HP Scanning Software
Doesn't have a flash
Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
Cannot connect to devices. Options on phone limited due to type of service.
The way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
software installation is difficult
Rubber earphone cover difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
Somewhat "clunky" menu system
As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
Poorly written directions for phone and most accessories
Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
Canon image service has a sneaky copyright agreement
Breaks down more often than an  quot;88 hyundai
As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
Limited under low-light conditions.
a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak flash
Doesn't have a zoom lens
A little slow
Battery Life, No flash
design a bit old fashion
size and shape
Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
short battery life
Limited recline features, awkward folding mechanism
very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
Nothing so far
low light usage
Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
I wish the battery lasted longer; rural living doesn't allow for clarity
It doesn't have voice command and the reception is just fair.
It's (still) pricey...
Squawky sound quality at times; Nextel network is not as pervasive as others
Bulky.
Price, and memory cost
setting up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory card
seems a little fragile
Manual should be more detailed, battery life suspect, no ac adapter.
May be too small for some (not me), no analog mode
none
High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
average text output (won't be confused with laser)
Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
Not much in the way of accessory equipment
Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
Haven't found any yet
Medium-High Quality Printing
haven't found any yet
Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT A GOOD DEAL
A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't work, can't upload addresses
Only looks good on Canon paper.  Expensive
Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft Ring, Bluetooth strobe
Voice call button is in a bad place; flip phones aren't the best for me.
Can't think of any!
Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
printer cable that you have to buy separately
Printer is noisy, USB cable is short, warm up time.
Price, Weak Flash.
None
Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
Non-standard earbud, few accessories, no repair options
Too small, it is hard to push a button it is so small
High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
Nothing........
short battery life and no zoom
None so far!
battery life, cost
If you don't have one you should get one
slow, not great optics
No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy.
battery useage and download times
Eats batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
small dial pad, kind of expensive
No external battery charger
Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
color, flip(breaks easier)
Runs out of ink too frequently
Could be better at picking up a signal.
could be more attractive
Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. ,
Exspensive Ink!
lack of accessories
small memory, slow menu sometimes
Too delicate
Must buy rechargeable batteries amp;#13; amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
Inconsistent service
can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
none
Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
heavy battery consumption
could fold a little easier
Poor battery life in analog mode
None yet
Battery dies very fast, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
comes out dark
Still pricey
not as high quality as the more expensive brands
Would like a Telephoto Lens.
Battery life, Software, Buttons, durability.
no camera bag included
Reception, Boring
None
Limited lens range (without adaptors)
pictures are hit  amp; miss,not for professionals
Not cheap to replace if you lose it.
I can't think of any!
Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
Everything
Not a long term phone.
poor battery, buggy software that freezes up
Muted colors and poor blacks on Premimum glossy paper
Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
Low light photography, blinding flash
Menu a bit confusing in the begining.
Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
Even with a cover, sometimes buttons get hit
Lack of carrying case
Software package, alkaline battery life.
Battery life, menu navigation
Runs out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed well.
Gulps expensive ink, slow
It always felt so cheap and flimsy to me
No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
No cover on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No enclosed cover.
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
if you are trying to escape they will find you ha!
Plastic case creaks, not as sturdy as older Ericsson phones
Still comes with only a 8MB CF card
Bulky, a bit pricy
Tell Me When You Find Some
Can #146;t send text messages,  battery life
Don't drop it!! Second battery might be needed
none
A bit heavy for its size, freezes, screen goes backwards and upside down
Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
None
The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.
None
Screen impossible to see outdoors.
Speakerphone #13; #10;Voice Dialing
Paper is misfed and software is slow.
some odd dithering on high resolution
Shutter delay, battery life
Cartridges very expensive
Slow Flash
loves to eat batteries for breakfast...
pricey
NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
Not the quality level expected for Motorola.
Big N Bulky, Flash is crazy bright!
No custom ringtones, average reception
None so far
1) No Speakerphone
High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
Loud, high priced, and not that great on black text. amp;#13; amp;#10;
battery life, expensive
USB Cable not included
large size and big price tag
Battery life, fixed lens
constant battery user
Takes a few seconds to enable flash.  thumb-controlled menu button a little quirky at times.
Heavy, 8 mb memory
Expensive Ink Drinker.  Noisy.
USB, Power Consumption
Large, noisy
May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
No USB included, software problem at first.
Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  Quirky but not ugly styling.
The seat adjustment is tricky
haven't found any yet!
Squareish shape, expensive.
cumbersome
none yet
poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
expensive toner, lower resolution and slower printer than today's standards
Older phone so therefore it does not have a color display screen.
Computer editing tool is slow
too bulky, can't take on vacation, limited quality and storage
hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
How does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not a very good user's manual.
None
terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
Too many to mention
Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
Pricey.
None
Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
None that I have seen so far
Storage
low battery power with backlight on.
Drivers, speed
Bad reception (?), slow response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
Short Battery Life, Expensive
Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light
Lots of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to use.
Volume sometimes not loud enough, can't rename profiles, non-intuitive speakerphone.
Good things cost money
breaks easily
Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
ink usage on best mode.
Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
can eliminate all shots if not careful with erase
None
Signal stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
Discontinued model.
Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
"Auto" mode is useless, not for the point/shoot crowd.
jams a lot, exspensive ink cartridge.
price, but its not that bad
average reception
Awful interface, bad feature set
Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
Voice activation, small keys, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 calls it is dead).
Won't print maps
Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
games tend to eat up battery life.
Poor picture quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
eats batteries fast
No com.interfaced,B W screen,no viberate ring,Texts tones,good basic?
Way to many features to learn fast!
Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
Cartridges are expensive
Price, heavy, big, no optical viewfinder, only 2 mp.
mediocre color printing
finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
No infrared, Not compact, Terrible color screen display
Everything else!
will bleed on good stationary, can be slow, software only ok
battery, battery, battery -- it will not last long, the rest will be fixed
NONE
A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
Small baskets.
slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
Paper feeding is poor over time
ringtones suck, not loud enough, poor reception
Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
Placement of speakerphone   volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function needs improvement.
Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
Small keys with similar shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
built horribly, and they know it!!!!
can't send text messages, old
same problems as the D-360L, too many options  amp; grainy low light photos
battery usage
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
I is slim and has good LCD screen.
No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
Menus a little slow at times.
Prompts can be a bit confusing.
Crackly speakerphone, external antenna
Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
Battery life (as with all digital cameras)
Battery life, little customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
International Roaming is Expensive
no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
Hassle, hassle, Hassle
keypad lock doesn't work when phone is off (i.e. keep from turning phone on)
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
Uncomfortable for long conversations, temperamental functionality, awkward key sizes.
T9, much radiation, not comfortable on ear
bigger than the 8290, and did I mention ugly looking?
none
SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
None
Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
slow transfer time
Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
reception, sound quality
Uses a lot of power
Phone appears to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
Durability
Side buttons very easy to press accidentally, causing missed calls.
Echoing,no Internet capabilities
Obsolete?
Heavy.
Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
the noise
Over-all shape could be better.
is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
EVF hard to see through in dim light.
not color and no wap internet
Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
Flimsy Antenna, and a Few Others...
Screen is not bright enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really need that though?
Its still very new with limited add ons
uses too much ink
low battery life, low memory, and does not sync to outlook
None yet
floppy disk, expensive
plastic body, 8 meg media card
not the smallest phone
Paper jams, High cost cartridges, Long print times.
Lens cap tends to pop off too easily.
durability, really small in size, key pad button sizes, port tabs
MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
big, low resolution
Software
Poor display in cold weather
Initial investment
Kind of big.
Lag time. Eats batteries. (same as all mid range digital cameras)
I'll let you know.
Ink cartridges are expensive.
Need to speed up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
It's costly
Not many features
size. speed
No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who needs those anyway?
Bulky, heavy, tricky macro, eye veiwer isn't "true."
Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after extended use
screens go out, bad reception
None
When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to get generic stick on.
pointless phone wraps, horrible keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
Digital service areas are still growing - analog can cost you extra money
read review, there are just too many to list in this little spot.
photo printing is not up to par
Slightly clunky interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Not reliable
Default f-stop setting
Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
Vibrates, but not as strong as others
None to speak of.
no recharge-able battery
Photo printing not overwhelming
Larger than average
deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it won't hang up.
Quality of the mechanics of the printer may be lacking.
Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
Poor camera quality, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
Does not resemble a 35mm camera
slow
Flash limitations, Short Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Slow Image Transfer
I'd still be waiting on pages to print if I'd done my thesis on this
proprietary batteries.
Construction quality, buttons, ergonomics
Nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse,
weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
none
Bad Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
Will not be able to handle crushing loads; Windows NT scanning is slow
Ugly Case that cost extra. #13; #10;No expansion module slot.
Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
Buy a bigger flashcard, and battery life could be better.
Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
unobtainable accessories, length of time to take picture
Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
Cost of cartridges = sell your home.
No audible feedback.  Customer Service not competent.
macro mode is ZERO!!!
Ink could be a little cheaper.
State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
Picture quality is aweful
internal antenna (can that be a con?)
Lack of features, Short Battery life, not user friendly
battery drainer
Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
too expensive to develop pictures
none
Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
na
very slow, buttons eventually fade, durability is not good at all
No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
No zoom and software problems
When you leave it at home, you're just another geek without a cell phone
Buttons are too small.
Price, Battery, Accessories, New GUI not very user friendly
Reliability
As packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
a little high in cost, but then again, all are
Durability, Customer Service
Model has bad history
lens cap and required extra purchases
short battery life.
Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
PRICE!!!
cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
the basic kit does not come with a carry case
Image quality is poor without good lighting, may break if dropped,
Internet and WAP will not function properly in my area.
None if it didn't break.
Keypad
severe and chronic paper feed problems
noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
Buggy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some getting used to
Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor battery life.
there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
Not 35 mm quality, price.
too numerous to mention
Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, flash requires some practice
No Flash, Limited use in the dark.
None
you have to buy keys along with the faceplate
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
Still only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb card.
Forget about printing anything in color
misleading display, poor call quality
LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
price tag
None that I have found!
Can only load one piece at a time in manual loader
No built in belt clip, cannot use hands free while charging phone.
none
Haven't found any yet
Camera has reported fault in battery life.  Sony has issued a recall repair notice
circular keypad
Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
ringtones - doesn't support midi ringtones, side buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
Transmission quality not too great
Long noisy warm-up sequence, so-so printing quality for photos
No video recording capability
Hefty Price Tag.
Price depreciation too fast
Technology changes
only analog, flimsy antenna
Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
Poor battery life, flash issues
Not much memory, sucks serious battery
Loud, Slow To Start Up
"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
was expensive, not anymore
Sound quality is awful
Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
Speaker volume is a bit low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
Poor reception. Lots of dropped calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
still expensive
piece of crap!
Batteries do not last very long
noisy, slow
see review
More of an all-around printer than a dedicated photo printer
A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
No analog mode, No browser, Battery life.
Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I don't mind but some might.
Size,sometimes connection like any other cell phone
Upgradeability
Middle of the road reception, bad shape
None for me
no telephone or answering machine with it
Trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
None
very noisy
Color rendering problems (?)
Customer service are outright rude and obnoxious.
A little heavy to carry comfortably
moderate quality resolution
Small multiple use buttons.
Lacking in reliability. Slow.
Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
It does everything for you.
A little heavier than other new phones. No games come preset in the phone.
gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
Requires a USB port
expensive, interface
Too expensive (even with the rebate); much better units (BJC-3000) available.
Icon displays are too bunched up together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
Reception is so-so, menus could be much faster.
Varying lag times between time shutter button is dressed and the picture actually is recorded
nuffin...
Set up, doesn't like Win98
Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
Terrible sound quality.
I can't think of anything I don't like
accessories not included, occasional lag time
This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
Short battery life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, poor owner #146;s manual.
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
just alittle aquard
no zoom lens
Still pricey at about $170, not the smallest phone
Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
deep price
night shot doesnt work well
Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available today
No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
Big, No USB compatibility with WIN95
battery life just slightly low
use the special paper when printing images
None
Jams, jams, jams...and a MAJOR problem withthe print heads.
Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
Has a few problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small 8meg card
Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
No Hands Free kit
pricey
Cost of service, earpiece volume.
Soft ring, need to use Keyguard
old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
slow, prone to mechanical problems.
If you break the sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
great  acting
battery life too short...
I ran out f black ink after 3 months
See above.  I'll never by Motorola again because of this.
Clunky image viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
paper feed in drawer would be great, network communication not perfect
reception problems
Shorter battery life and questions re: long-term durability
Cheap parts. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
Speakerphone  amp; Wireless Web Message needs improvement..
short battery life, small display
Slow interface, poor reception, very complicated system
Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper rest and output tray, noisy
Small buttons
Horizontal bands happen too often
Not a good selection of display settings
A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
none
no lens cap
PRICE!
Runs out of ink too soon.
Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
No standard ring, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
The Size and Fixed Lens
No major cons.
don't make this one mistake...
resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
Key's are too close together.
Very expensive, not much of a parent tray, center bar breaks on older models
Software no good for international faxing
Some of the consumables are faulty.
Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
Special battery
no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
None
Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
gsm network not always available, no date with time
Print Speed
Ugly and slow.
need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
Features not as user-friendly as could be
Video out on docking station, lack of PAL, fast charger costs extra
ABOVE
Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
Have not found any as of yet....
No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
Does not last
HP Doesn't Like to Discount Price, But Still a Good Buy.
pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
can't think of one
no luck with envelopes yet, ink cartrige capacity not big enough
User-interface sometimes slow, Camera/Vid Camera...
heavy and takes up lots of space
extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ebay!
Difficult to install USB drivers.
Larger Than Average in Size.
Paper misfeeds.  Interface software very very slow.  No USB cable provided.
I've had all kinds of hardware problems.
None yet
Poor volume, poor transmission quality, spotty reception
None for me.  It works great as a phone.
battery doesnt last long enough
Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
Hard to see screen in bright sun
Scratches easily
has tendency to come out of holder easily
memory stick can be expensive
no automatic double-sided printing
Ringtone ramp time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
Poor use of screen space.  Not the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume ranges.
Color ink cost
Digital cameras can be expensive
quality
No desktop charger to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
No video mode
Ring tones, Screen smudges
Faceplates tricky to remove, annoying ring tones, not always clear calling
It's a little big in size.
goes bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it worthless
none..yet
I have had the original and two replacements lockup and fail
Priced much higher than others but worth it
the key is too small
slow high-res prints, expensive cartridges
The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
Zoom button is a little awkward
only comes with 8MB CF card, have to get a larger one
Nextel service, digital only capability
some faults with the it's design
Takes ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
bulky and kind of big, not as attractive as the other phones out there
Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
Noisy, expensive, bad customer service, not supported on Windows XP.
Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
slow, low hardware quality, can only use HP paper, all colors in one cartridge.
No self timer and menu could be larger
N/A
Battery life
not much basket room, does not recline
Flash sometimes washes out the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom could be better.
Everything else
cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
couldn't find any
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
no usb, no sound with movies
Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
The screen looks dim and washed out.
Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
Battery life short for today's standards
Single Band, Small Keys
display on the small side, no color, browser somewhat counterintuitive
a little bit loud
cheap flimsy plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
No filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
every thing that deals with this phone
Not a zoom
Set up instructions
high price, print quality and speed
Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card. amp;#13; amp;#10;      supplied
heavy, small screen, Nextel service has been poor in 06
Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
No bluetooth.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Delay in capture, no separate charger
A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
No parallel port connection, slow "warm-up"
Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
Not much of zoom function
No vibrating ability with default battery, annoying ringing options, expensive
Terrible microphone sound quality, expensive
Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
As of yet, I've not found any!
Size, front keypad, need to accessorize
It doesn't fit in my pocket. Really, no cons that I can see.
Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption!
'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
absolutely none
Side buttons are always triggering and beeping.  Poor software and poor menu navigation.
Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
eats batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
bigger and less cool than other phones
Really short battery life amp;#13; amp;#10;
Not as high-tech as other costlier models. Vibrating ring could be stronger.
Can't be ran through a scanner
obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
ink is slow compared to laser
VERY FRAGILE, doesnt last, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
Battery Life is Not Long for One Charge
goes thru the ink!
Noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive extras
Poor Battery Life, Heavy
poor White balance on indoor shots
Edges of copies may bend on output tray
none so far
Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time
Filter Attachment Adapter Required
Not so perfect LCD
Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
LCD could be placed differently.
A bit on the expensive side but worth every penny
none
Cheap
Needs longer battery life
cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
AWFUL and I do mean awful sound quality.  You CANNOT hear the party you've called.
does chew up batteries
price
none
numbers cant be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
bad flash and other features.
fragile earpiece
Picture quality
If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
Antenna is flimsy.
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
It's junk.
Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark situations.
haven't found any yet.
Phone's key pad can get hot
No USB cable available, you have to get a serial to USB converter.
Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly tree. Twice.
no USB, only 8MB included
The price of the ink refills and their inherent short term life.
High Battery Drainage/Design of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
No infra-red. No icons to play around like nokias. Not that stylish
Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
No Downloadable Ringers
Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
Difficult installation, software interface
bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just not there yet.
Bigger than other digitals due to the floppy storage.
Not many!
no viewfinder == unusable
Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
slightly slow print time
Ink Cartridges are expensive.
none, really
battery life is good, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
none
None
Cartridge cost.
No color printing.
Digital zoom = why bother?
Not as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
Less than stellar manual, price varies greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
Buggy driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
freezes, confusing sometimes, doesnt work fully with MACs
Few manual features
buttons are too small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
none
price
Cartridge cost
Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
A bit large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's free kit
Small buttons!
Holds funny in hands
None whatsoever
Need for extra accessories
Shutter Lag
Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
A bit Large
Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
basket hard to reach
not very stylish or trendy
No cup holder, rear window in canopy
costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out easy
nothing
Could not find any
slow speed
Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
none
No roaming
finicky file downloads
no alert on empty cartridge
Bulky, and a bit heavy
doesn't work, cartridges won't align, and NO BACKLIT DISPLAY. Noisy.
Poor people pictures
Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
Skimpy memory stick
menu is a bit intense with options
digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
bad with pictures, paper not always read
price of replacement cartridges, single multi-color cartridge
lag time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak flash
quiet ring, antenna is flimsy
takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
Haven't found any yet...
no bluetooth
Temperamental zoom control
horrible service, nothing but problems
software crash all the time, photos would only half print
Cheap keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
Bulk  amp; cost.  Mediocre video capability
Poor build quality
Slow depending on the computer, and uses ink quickly
Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
Terrible image quality before fix
Slightly bulky, expensive accessories
Large , no T9, Memory Stick Duo is proprietary and expensive.
uses ink fast but it takes ink to make an image
Takes up a lot of trunk space
dual mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
Long pause between pictures, not enough video time.
Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
Slow at times, Steep learning curve
Web browser?!? What is the point?
Slower, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
Slightly cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
No zoom, my nose sometimes presses menu button
Appears to be fragile in design.
Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
Prints slowly
not meant for pros
Guaranteed to fail
none....i guess the price
small ink cartridges, bloated software
No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
hard to find
Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, need I go on?
Size; Slow battery charger
Ink consumption is little too much.
Drains batteries quickly
Expensive, bulky
None significant
Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
backlight timeout!!, keyboard format and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery life
To print it out, you need a high quality printer
Cheap plastic case, lacks USB port
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Flash, but not too worry about
Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems
All models have lemons. I got one!
Text and voice mail alerts are not loud enough.
Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
Might be reaching the end of it's life-span...
Phonebook is lacking.
Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every two minutes.
No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
clogs frequently, driver does not work well, poor customer service
Battery life, price
Long lag between button pushed and picture taken. Expensive. Expensive and limited XD media
not standards-compliant, awkward lens cover
None I can think of.
Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
reception, color, weight, low volume
battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Battery life, Not web enabled
slow photo
none.
heavy - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
It doesn't have games. Not as many accessories as other phones.
Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life could be better.
Noise, ink sprayer clogs, devours ink
terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
The carseat head support is a bit awkward; not for babies over 26 inches
No missed calls list in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
It didn't work very long!
short battery life, holster design
slick exterior case
None!
ink!
No A/C adapter included
the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok flash, smaller battery
NOT true stereo speakerphone, small screen.
None
Flimsy, Slow, Hard to Navigate
SOFTWARE
cost
Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does not work!
Verizon Disabled Features
battery life, lack of standard(free) features
cartridge price, size of printer
side control button location, shows fingerprints
poor picture quality, poor flash
The whole phone is awful
Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; jams.
Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
none
For new users menu is a bit confusing. Just read the manual!
No internal vibrate feature,only works with the awful AT T service  #13; #10;
Paper trays somewhat flimsy
Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
metal casing easily scratched, can't lock the mode sellector.
the big wheels make it bulky
Cannot get 2-way text messaging to work yet. (my fault)
Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
Poor quality photo's
no tray for printed pages to rest on as they come out
No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
no storage area
Single Band, Background noise
bulky
basic model - no frills
no zoom
Can't see what ink is being used.
Just that the baby out grows the car seat
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
Talk time, display
AC ADAPTOR is a very costly extra!!
Everything else!!!
BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
Battery Life, 8MB Compact Flash,
Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
Long warm-up period
A little heavy
Doesn't look that great, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
Batteries Do Not Last
Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can effect web camera adversely
Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
I didn't find this printer sooner
Length between photos; No audio for movies
saving numbers is a task
Small Buttons
The case gets dirty rather easily
Menu's and ring tones.
Lack of Flash
Not a one
Still a fairly high price.
Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger plug is crap!
not as small as some others
does not fax, cartridges expensive, after a year, the printer died
It  amp;quot;thinks amp;quot; a while before it prints.
A lot of people have the same phone.
Fixed ISO setting, Horrible movies
Images need color and/or brightness correction, little to no zoom.
battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
Sometimes the internal antenna can be covered by your hand.
Not very durable, slow in response time
Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
none
None
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Was a bit expensive when I bought it, but the price has since decreased.
Expensive, no manual options, and poor macro capability. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Slow download to computer via P/port cable
discontinued
Support, quality, durability
Would never stay charged, see review
missing remote control functionality; no provided external power supply
Expensive, weak zoom
Grainy pictures and poor focus
Eats batteries (I think it's worth it, though)
Relatively short battery life
Not worth mentioning
Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
poor picture quality, cheesy software
Expensive ink refills
no optical zoom
Reception,scratches easily, voice commands are a joke
Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
Nothing yet
a bit complicated for beginner
Did not work with my iMac.
Won't take pictures in low light.
no external flash hook up
so-so linux support
minor functionality, no battery meter
Doesn't have USB capabilities, no 110v. power supply
None
Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
W2K drivers not on the CD
none so far
Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
battery life, reception
A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
Driver has no margin adjustment.
Seat belt is hard to adjust, minimal cushioning
print cartridge inconvenience and expense
Breaks easily
NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
Major screen problems
When I got home, it didn't work.
digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
Send/end button combined
Durability may not be great. Hard to handle.
just about everything about it
phone to battery attachment not secure
Lacks rubber wheels and suspension on the rear wheels.Canopy lever faulty on some models.
Picture messaging does not mean camera phone
Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate.
Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
lack of detail, poor customer service
Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
slow to save image, Polaroid
Not many service providers offer this phone.
none
Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
Eats BATTERIES
Much less battery life than promised.
No Video Taking
None
viewing screen dims sometimes
Could not find the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
Bad reception, dust gets under the screen, battery life-time 6/10
LCD gets dirty when you use viewfinder,battery level indicator,Lens cap easy to lose
Cost, it's big!
battery life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
No flash, Not for low light situations
It's a toy digital camera.
Ink Cartridges are pricey.
zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplates and there is no case for this phone.
none
Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
Short battery life.
Antenna doesn't stay extended
The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
lcd zoom quality poor, Proprietary memory
This phone is ssslllooowww. Has lots of bugs in its operating system!
Can only get via Cingular
Tiny print on the instruction booklet
A Little more pricey than competing brands
Too small?
No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing.
some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
No contrast setting, Auto white balance doesn't work well in artificial light  amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Lack of manual control options, fixed ISO sensitivity (100)
shutter button has poor feel.
Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder
Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
Occasional Delay in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
none that I have
none
power button placement, lens cap not attached
Haven't found any cons yet :)
sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
Making quality photos uses excessive ink.
Not the best photo printer, flimsy design
none
None
At $199, still more than most are willing to pay
Loading paper a hassle
$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
Some menu features are quirky
external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
large antenna, battery life
Printer is slow  amp; the drivers lock up
Poor sound quality (On both ends)
see opinion
Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement color cartridges.
None.
the price might be a little high, but it's quality
Poor reception, flimsy cover, short battery life
jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
none
low battery life, muffled sound
Antenna, Display could be a bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
Doesn't do much besides print
Heavy, broken zoom,
Kind of Big, none other.
Eats the  amp;quot;rechargeable  battery amp;quot; (not double A)
extremely poor image quality
options are not easy to get to, huge lag
Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
Lose a picture if battery is low;
Poor cable-connectivity design, inability to increase memory, inability to use your own content.
expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
Speakerphone
No speakerphone, not a lot of fancy features (but who cares?).
quality
Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
Not expandable
Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or roll paper support
Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
price
photos could be better.
no zoom, lag
some ringers are not loud enough for me
Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
Unreliable, noisy
Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
Slow, useless scanner, unreliable fax
Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto setting
Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely will you need to pull it up.
None yet
Does not include print cable.
high cost
Buggy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
Video does not have sound
terrible vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
Eats Batteries
very poor battery life : almost not usable
Larger phone, circular keypad requires learning curve
Limited expansion possibilities
$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
Cost.
Yet another bit of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
Holster, battery life
Glare on LCD when outside.,
Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
Battery life not as advertised
fine lines could be better
Gliches, battery life
plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
Will update once I find one!
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
jams at times if paper isn't in straight
envelopes difficult to manage
other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
I can't think of anything I don't like
Extremely expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for extended battery
No key lock to prevent accidental calls, unintuitive web navigation
camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
lots of repair problems, hard to steer, heavy
Mainly the size is a bit bulky- however much better than the older Nokia sizes.
It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
No cable included
Paper handling startup noise
Known hinge defect.  Short battery life.
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Uses batteries
The keys are very hard to read in the dark.
Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
NOTHING
Movie has no sound.
cannot use viewfinder when taking macro photos.
battery usage
I still can't get a date with it.
Slightly odd shape, no viewfinder (apart from LCD), measly 4MB memory.
Takes a long time to answer a call, lose reception all the time
Navigating through the contact list is sluggish.
weird flash, bad with distance
TINY, un re-fillable inkjet cartridges.
Haven't found one yet..  8-)
hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
Pricey (but worth it!), a bit large for my small hands
no optical zoom
Sound quality, No Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
did not work.
No zoom
Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
1
Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
Cartridge is both B amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
Relatively expensive ink, uses a lot of ink to print text
Goes through color ink fast, yellow ink cartridge too small
Smudges sometimes
Red eye!
Dies every two weeks
Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, ,
A little expensive
Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
Expensive, ink cartridges are small, paper holder has low capacity
No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain,
Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
Low ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to use.
Cumbersome to view pictures and download, high blurriness probability.
Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
No web feature, hard to use
Slow to navigate,difficult to see the screen in sunlight.
small bundled memory (8MB)
not as fast as some might like
Software driver, print speeds
Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; US only
Slow to open and close
Not Very Well Supported By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
none
It does not cook my breakfast!
Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up at your door
AC power adapter not included
Big and slow.
LCD screen is less than optimal
poor reception in certain areas, phone freezes up
a little hard to hold
only good for low volume copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in dedicated scanners, high cost of some ink cartridge consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
Address book, menus, backlighting
Manual a little strange.
Smartmedia 64 megs limits number of pictures at highest resolution
non
battery use
Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
Pause between button push and shot
Expensive black ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
lack of downloadable ring tones and pictures
Low Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
Picture quality
Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
a little bulky
Nothing major
matte paper gets too wet
none so far, maybe limits on paper size
frequent battery recharging, doesn't have zoom
The price of the ink cartages
Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
None
noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES
This is a first class camera that should meet most needs
Even the loudest ringer volume is sometimes hard to hear. No cool ringtones!
As noted, print heads a disgrace
doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
Driver failures in Windows XP, No parallel port, does not work as network shared printer
not reliable
Slow downloading without card reader
The price is still a little high
Duplexing worth $100???
noisy, poor print quality, poor tech support, goes through ink like water
a little big, but i carry it in my pocket anyway.
Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
encourages printing
can't think of one to be honest with you.
Poor reception range, poor battery life, permanent battery, single band
battery life SUCKS!
none
Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
doesn't work well in network environments
voice activation is very sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the same as you recorded.
not many for the money
Signal loss, echo, no web capability
ear piece
only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols  amp;amp; characters
occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
small, exopensive ink cartridges
charging time, navigation
Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
Uses batteries fast(no surprise!), Olympus customer service stinks!
No Bluetooth, IR port is useless, no voice dialing, limited picture options. No PC connectivity.
Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
Terrible ringers.
0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
No Speakerphone
resolution and reliability
battery usage
Blue Light Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
unexploited features go to waste
Fairly expensive cartridges.
Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
Pictures can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
Crashes (but saves data)
Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
Hollow sounding reception,rattle from vibrations when ringing
battery life
Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
Signal Loss sometimes, a little heavy and thick
Too expensive
A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
can think of none unless you want real speed
Battery life is a joke; sound quality was bad (at first)
Pictures sometimes blurry.,
The service is not great.
poor color printing, eats up ink
Small size (easy to lose and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs extra.
Face plate hard to get off.
expensive?
Cheap
Hard to turn phone on -- lots of options
Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
can't think of any
No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
Can't get cool ring tones, text messaging, or cool graphics
power on/off button, very soft ringtone, takes few seconds before phone shuts off
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
None
takes a long time to warm up, pictures taken aren't instantaneous
everybody has one
poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
printable image quality poor
Bigger (than today's phones), Weight
Dealing with Nextel.  Poor service
Lacks some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
Handle could be longer
Noise! Scanning slow. Size of printer.
Viewfinder not  amp;quot;true amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
Poor backlighting; Heavy
Weight,lap time between snaps
poor battery and ring volume
TONS of features...can be a bit daunting at times
Not a good deal for the price anymore.  Horrible drivers.  Mechanical problems.
Expensive compared to other printers
Maybe a little too small and compact.
Large size compared to most units in the market.
Short battery life
no picture preview, uncommon memory
Battery will break off easily, Battery is of poor quality
Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
None.
Sheet feeder doesn't work well
Ring tone is not very loud
expensive (duh)
no zoom, lack of battery life
Tray the paper fall into does not pull out.
ergonomics
Lots of paper jams
Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
Needs it's own printer table or side table
Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
burns through ink when not in draft mode
Zoom is not enough
Expensive photo prints
none (in use since late 2000)
Plastic body feels fragile
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
Seriously annoying interface quirks
Battery life could be better
Small text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
BAD!
Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
large/clunky compared to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
LCD screen not as sharp as it could be.
Difficult to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
Needs updated driver, some paper feed problems
Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. Low light problems
at least consider about it
cost
A little pricey though.
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not pay off in low reception areas
Connection to computer, stability, flash
Junky, plastic, falls apart, BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
Needed accessories, availability of extras
mechanical problems with display and cover
No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh.
"Lags" (Explained in Review)
Grey text
Too few to mention... :-).  None.
None to speak of
Runs out of ink very fast. Expensive to change cartridge.
Not user friendly, poor paper feeder
To print one picture in  amp;quot;Best amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
The ringer tones. Selection isn't great but you can download different sounds.
Closed system, not possible to install after market symbian programs
Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler  amp; hot during operation
not as high photo quality as more expensive models
Poor Quality Switches, Fixed Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel Density
Honestly, NONE!
size, exposed buttons
frequent misdials, not in servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
drains batteries quickly
Expensive. Sub-par battery performance.
Not the fastest printer
Lacks flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
Auto focus requires some finesse, manual options are just a novelty
everything else about this phone
None
For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
Odd quirks with the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
CPU speed slow, large sized phone, screen gets dirty easily
medium quality image prior to enhancement
A little pricey
hard to see view screen, hard to find
haven't found any yet
Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
big
No external caller id, No speakerphone
Poor text quality
Could not find any
USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage cards are pricey; no image stablization.
Not very complex, color photos not as good quality as the more expensive printers, loading paper sometimes annoying...
Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
Runs on diskettes
None really
Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
Small display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
Signal Strength, Signal Strength, Signal Strenth.
Phone shuts itself off constantly
NOT NT compatible.
No USB, weak flash.
N/A
basket location
IT ISN'T FREE :(
If I had a modem for it, I could get rid of my regular phone.
you need a big hardrive to download photos
Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
slow in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
LCD smears
Slow, bad print quality, jams often
Slow between pictures
Software could be more intuitive, More detailed hard copy manual
can't find one yet, give me time!
annoying small problems
No external attachments, lense not threaded, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
Weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
No ink level indicator
breaks easily with a little wear and tare.
None at this time.
must be careful with it or it may break
none yet
Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
a little slower then other 900 models
No power button, slow with color
Size, poor printed image quality
Speakerphone needs work for car use
Hard to hear out of.
Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of jamming (albeit only when pushing your luck).,
bad bad bad pictures
rubber buttons sometimes stick
Have yet to find one.
battery life
Software interface can still confuse some
Slow as all heck
Big, can feel lens motor running
high battery drain
no built in zoom, simplistic software
Slow photo printing at high-quality resolutions
Viewfinder too small, occasional overexposure occurs
no games, becoming outdated
Annoying "talking printer" utility
A little slow printing high res color photos
Speakerphone, limited accessories
It's not an HP
bad driver, expensive special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
Not enough features for amount of money spent
it's kind of delicate for a camera
Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
none
Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
Heavy, Big
Thank you very much!
Bigger than S200, weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
none
Never really use the flash card readers
no return policy, wont last more than one child
Pull Up Antenna
occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
LCD display sometimes dark; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens cap
Noisy, heads clog, and few programs can deal without borders.
no film
Icon interface takes some getting used to.
Cost of cartridges, print size
N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other things
Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
Bad Micro performance. Slow start up time.
serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, limited movie mode
demonic possession, gurgles. :)
rejects ink cartridges when turned off
a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
Poor quality, slows PC system to a crawl, print excruciatingly slow
Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
battery, focusing
Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
Sparse documentation of advanced features
Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
Vibration, noise
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
unsupported, MP3 software
Eats ink, clogs constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
No AC adapter included
Battery will lose charge if kept in extreme hot or cold conditions.
Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime pictures
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
Heavy, no storage basket
Sell some memory with the camera, please.
poor software support for mac
No memory card slots.
battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
none, that I can find.
Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, gets hot
Minor software glitches
Does not handle color well, is very very loud when printing.
On very bright sunny days, the screen is difficult to see.
no middle resolution setting
no light to tell if it's on or not!
No cables in box
Is an 'older model'
Not realistic.
Heavy, slow save, low image quality, picture error, cannot have moving video
very small buttons, menus difficult to work with, confusing at times
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
Not alot of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
Very few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with it
Software takes some time to master. Some features not usable with networks.
Static!
None to date
Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't hold a charge.
Text looks ragged.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
so-so battery life, phone book, lame games, no calculator, among many other things
Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
Not Much.
funny keypad design, size is a little bigger
none that I have noticed thus far.
Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of screen
I only liked a couple ringer styles
proprietary battery, shutter lag
battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
pictures a little grainy
cost
weak flash, weak macro  amp; price
See Review for product comparisons
poor speaker phone and clunky
slow, can't hold that much paper
poor color depth
Mediocre PC connectivity/software, battery drainer, unappealing carrying case, underpowered CPU.
No color
poor printed documentation
Bad Battery Life
shutter lag time
Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
Poor focus on close objects, poor long distance optical zoom.
Fails to live up to expectations
Battery gets hot on long calls.
Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, basket is way too small
Fixed lens/no optical zoom, no sound capability, flash off only in manual
none!
none that I know of
no built-in PDA
software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons wear quickly
Battery drains
Takes getting used to because of small size., , Some trouble installing due to missing files.
bulkier than other models
Slow and print could be better
size
LCD screen not easy to clean
no colors
None that I have found
fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warranty
A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
Mine has been dropping calls, must do hard reset. Phone works best if fully charged.
read on
Shutter lag, flash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
Poor design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole lot more.
back brakes are not the greatest
none yet
Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few games available.
Smart and Scroll Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt clip
not web enabled
I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
Voice memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
Roaming...Not Popular
AA Alkalines don't last very long, very limited manual settings, no video capture, 8mb card
Not reclining seat
Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, bad paper feed, very bulky.
low quality colour prints, short cable
uses batteries fast
Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
not available in some areas
limited aperture settings, first signs of wear after six weeks
loud, uses a lot of ink, bad quality print outs
Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't last
Easy to smear ink, small amount of paper held, envelopes difficult to use
Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
slow serial connection
See Review Above
overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, phone too old to reprogram for current service plans
on the expensive side
Can't connect to the internet.  I don't even need it to do that though.
Batteries don't last long.
On the large side
Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
machine is a little noisy
Not Much - Parallel Connection :-(
Wheels could be stronger
It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust  amp; scratches
requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
Pricey refills, cartridges dry up too fast
EVERYTHING!!!!
you get what you pay for
Parallel port connections with scanner
shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
poor reception
Color printer cartridges expensive, not enough features
Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
Storage basket is flimsy.
bad consumption of power, get the power supply kit
Obsolete printing quality
Short battery life, extra cost for many features
minor annoyances for phone junkies
No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
Small basket, no parent tray
Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
Same problems as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
Software could be better.
Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
Smaller phones available, the screen scratches easily.
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver goes on
Low number of pictures available on high setting
Speakerphone capability stinks
A little bulky
Too many to list here.
low tones/rings
Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
None that I can think of.
Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
Battery life, Cost
Tiny screen.
not very durable
Camera case not included, ok battery life, heavyish, not good for poor lighting.
Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on side seems like afterthought.
AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
Remember the lens cap
Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
Hood broke and lock cracked
Having no Power On/Off button was a little strange. But I got used to it.
Takes up a lot of storage space in trunk.
Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
Short battery life
No web access, weak owners guide
not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
Battery Life, Ringer volume too low
slow transfer speed with the given serial cable
paper jams and misfeeds
EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
Only 8 Mg included, no case included
A bit expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still find it too bulky.
high price
does not work with linux
Is not durable, no repair service
OVERALL, CARTRIDGES ARE ***VERY EXPENSIVE***, Also a B  amp; W issue.
Do you expect anything at this price.
Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
weak ringer volume, small keys
Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
doesn't come with windows me drivers
In reality, it's a piece of crap (pardon my French).
Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've seen.
only bare bones features
Canon software doesn't retain shooting info when converting RAW files
trouble with the ink cartridge
A little bulky, expensive accessories
color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
The web browser, placing a call, Please read for more
A little  quot;cheap quot;
Everything else
Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 Player memory is a joke.
The price and charging system!
Poor reception, placement of IR port.
Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
Lack of phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
Bare-bones Mac driver; PostScript not available
"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
Everything...and I do mean EVERYTHING!
Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
wish it took better fast-moving pictures
No travel charger - just docking station, bad memory management
screen is somewhat "blocky"
Long, confusing menu
If one function stops working you do have to send the whole machine in or replace it
Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
somewhat simple
Headphones are proprietary
can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
Streaking constantly
Horrible manufacturing defects that prevent phone usage after about 6 months.
Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
Short Battery Life, Expensive
No speakerphone, Proprietary headset jack, must convert MP3 to WMA
Easy to produce bad pictures.
No Web browser, once battery life starts to fall, really dies quick
nothing
Intermitant power off
No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
None noted.
expensive
Problems with software, lack of instructions, lack of troubleshooting help, easy to delete pics
Slow, mediocre printing
poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
Screen, Reliability Issues, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
Batteries die after unloading once or twice
Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
Battery life, picture quality at 800x600, no carrying case
Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
Many parts to keep up with
Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
nothing
bad reception
very slow, freezes sometimes.
few games preloaded, no real power save mode/power consumption
Cheap plastic (rear  amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
This phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because it is so light.
lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
Noseprints on LCD viewer
It gave poor results in the dark
Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice Commands need HELP!
Poor battery life, poor software, poor performance.
battery, speakerphone
Standard accessories don't work well, not many aftermarket accessories available.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
prepaid minutes more expensive
Fragile antenna
Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
Known problems with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
violent paper handling
Steep learning curve in Manual mode
battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
DRAINS BATTERIES
not in color, no speakerphone, and no camera - basically a regular phone.
eats batteries like all other digital cameras
Not crazy about slider (tough to find good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
Speaker on my end occasionally buzzes. The other end doesn't seem to hear it though.
Eats batteries like crazy!
No time display while connected.
Has space for only one custom ring tone, no voice-activated dialing or conference calling
Action shots are very difficult
patience required on high quality photo printing
ink smears when wet
None
Ink carts are a little expensive
Nokia does not stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in five months.
placement of the speaker phone button, no zoom at highest resolution
You have to manually open the flash
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Clarity - no.
Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing a bit of a pain.
A little bigger than the typical phone
Battery life could be better
Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,Cheesy software bundle
To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone book and reception.
Always having to take the  book around if your a forgetful person
No self timer.
buttons too small
Battery cost, reliability
Sucks up the AA's, flash power
hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
no composer
Becomes unusable often.
Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
No lens protection, get a good case
haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
need that AC adapter
Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
Short-lived images
Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
Low battery life
Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
Screen is dull and washed out, scratches easily.
All things that would be expected from a small camera
Battery life, ringer volume
slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
Poor Quality
Prints kinda slow
Could have been a little more compact
amp;quot;ocean liner amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
None!
HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
No simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; battery life nowhere near what they claim.
CF shipped is small (8Mb)
Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, Storage
less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
expensive up keep
Ringers, Not all buttons are shielded by flip case.
* Antenna
Needs $50 power adapter not included. Poor resolution of picture.
May not produce the best quality images in low light.
Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
Lacks a zoom
change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loose detail
Some phone functions are awkward  #150; list scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
No day/time stamp on caller ID, flimsy antenna
tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
battery life, transfer speed
Bad LCD. Battery drainer. Substandard pics.
Low battery life!
No camera case with purchase
Expensive
generally a pain
Expensive, other similar models are out now, no color
Still looking
Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
Can't think of any
No multi document feed for faxing.
Very fragile antenna, lots of static, unimpressive battery life.
SD card placement, graphical user interface, popularity, not very durable
size, voice dial is not what I had hoped.
weak batt, no cumulative call timer
s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
Not the best quality definition.
No flash
Image distortions
reception is poor
only a 4mb memory stick included
Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
Early versions had bugs
How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
single-cart, not for home office use
definitely not high-end
Hard to take good pictures
Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not many physical personalize options(face plates, antennas, etc)
Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
Small text and no T9 text messaging.
Few aftermarket inks
READ BELOW
drains batteries, pictures can get  amp;quot;lost amp;quot; on the hard drive using the software that came with
Could be slightly faster
Startup Speed
Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
no memory, camera shake
Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
Need a slightly larger font #13; #10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
have not found any yet.
color can be tricky to get right on
No Speaker phone, less then impressive phone/address book
product quality, customer service
Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
Slow between takes to get next picture
Bulky
Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item sometimes
Could have better quality.
Picture quality is very poor.
noisy, drinks ink, jams easily
May have unstable photo quality after time
Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
Not Very Many Features
Rings are sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, tough to find Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
bulky design
Bulky, expensive
-LOW ring tones!!
Mode and select buttons are very small.
NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
low number of pictures stored
Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
not a flatbed scanner
none
Cost of ink cartridges
Lower resolution than competitors, not as fast as competitors
Price. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
Original software hectically buggy
Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
A little steep in price(but worth it)
Have to buy the battery recharger
design
Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
expensive, but worth it...
EATS batteries. No built in USB.
price
None that I've found
a little pricey
battery life and some controls
Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, Limited AVI recording time
See Review Above
Does not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
Diskette type affects image quality
needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
Slow display
slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
short battery time
Couldn't get printer to work with Windows 98 computer
none
Fragile antenna
annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
Paper Jams
No flat bed scanner
It is a little pricey but well worth it
A little expensive
11X17 is rear loading so must be accessable
none
Reliability, bad drivers, expensive ink
wish there was more memory.
Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
it can dial by itself, the battery life sucks
price, no internet access
Only expect a couple of months of use
Battery life
Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
- Proprietary data cable
Toner is a bit expensive
a little heavy and bulky compared to other sleeker models.
not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
Poor battery life, confusing usability
Horrible image quality, pathetic battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
No zoom feature
none
Didn't want to charge!  Poor reception.
You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
Annoying Quick Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Win XP
connection problems, tedious menus, on/off button hard to use
Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
test
Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
Very high consumables cost.
Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
difficult to access names/numbers, heavy weight for its size, only 1 "real" ring tone
lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
the plastic screen is easy to be broken
no display on front, only one size text
Drains batteries quickly
Featureless
Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near  amp;quot;point and shoot amp;quot;
Poor documentation and support
Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
not good for all light conditions, lacks advanced features, annoying menus, long reset time
You can see the pixels, and it's slow
Initial cost is high
Ink is costly! A bit large, noisy but no more than others.
In it's class it has none.
Priced a bit high, but rebates make it well worth it
Can be pushed by child sitting in back
easy to use
Black text quality, not near a laser
uses ink quick,kind of expensive
Lens Cap
ink can be pricey
A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
Tough on batteries
Easy to drop
short battery life
Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print quality
None for a sub $500 digicam
Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
Batteries go to quickly!
EXTREEMLY SLOW!!!, uses ink fast, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B amp;W, etc.)
No calculator, not as many assesories as Nokia
volume not that loud
Videos are low resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
Installation program is terrible.
Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
None Yet
Bad keypad layout
The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
A bit expensive
telescoping Antenna
a bit too small, a bit too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
Fragile earpiece, too many features to list
Zoom is mixed optical/digital
None visible yet
I have none
none
This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
Does not come with camera case, only 3x zoom
Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
none so far
expensive
impossible setup
eats batteries
legal copies
hard to perfect, eats batteries
slow in taking a picture
I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to navigate.
Maintenance costs, collaboration
Eats...no, GULPS batteries
None to speak of
No case included, battery life
Very slow if used on older computer, very loud paper loading.
lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
Not enough features
Sometimes bright colors are too dark
No customer service to speak of
annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
Interpolated pixels, using disks is a great pain
None that I have found other than a thick user's guide
cost is still to high
overheats, drops calls
After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
Not So Easy To Use
everything else
None
LCD display
Slightly clumsy
Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't know if its worth the extra cost for the color
Terrible under-basket. Poor "kick clearance" in the back.
doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
slow, print quality poor
Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
Not reliable
Eats up the batteries amp;#13; amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge amp;#13; amp;#10;
A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover   Rogers AT T GSM coverage.
Fabric design not the prettiest around.
Somewhat Bulky; amp;#13; amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
Too Much To Do
At sub-$100 prices, relatively none, except that they will become less rare
SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
some CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
not suitable for 2 pretoddlers
Loose hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud enough
Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
Extremely poor construction quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
The tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if turned up.
difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
size, no case
Needs more documentation on CD
Dropped calls, Quiet, not pretty to the eye, bad antenna
It does not come with a case or a flash
not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
Poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
Ringtone Volume
Weak flash, mediocre battery life, no provision for add on lenses or filters
Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
Everything Else
Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Can't stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
not very cool-looking
can't think of any!
Black Ink Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
loud, slow, drinks ink
Needs to be upgraded right out of the box
Still not  quite stable
Software has limited editing capabilities.
Only 8 mb Smart media card included
Doesn't come with a carrying case
CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
nothing
Volume doesn't get loud enough
Higher quality printing can be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
HP corporate anti-customer policy
"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
none
Can be a bit tough to set up.
Only decent batterly life...
Not the greatest quality printer.
none
Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
LCD prone to scratches.
LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
not too fast
The antenna, calling via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
price
High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
Somewhat pricey refills still
Only 3 colors to choose from.
It creates bad results in bumpy roads.
No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
Limited picture capacity on floppy.
low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
Complex control interactions
poor picture quality...very poor
Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
Only comes with 4mb memory.
No lens cover, red-eye
ummm living thru water is more then enough to make up for it few cons
USB connection to my Mac doesn't work most of the time, Usability design
small basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Price, size a little cumbersome
Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
Grainy prints of flash or low-light photos.
Price, USB cable and sync software sold separately, poor voice command.
lackluster performance, no AC adapter
Poor customer service, canopy tends to slip off when pulled back.
tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
poor range between towers, poor battery life, poor call quality,
Broke right away, new ink cost as much as printer
exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, scratches easily
low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
There are better printers out there but they will be hard to find.
Expensive to operate.
Expensive Cartridges
No way to sync with PC out of the box.
The camera was not made to be universal!
No USB
don't know of any yet!
Low quality pictures, no flash
Win2k operation problems.
Very defective product no fixes from HP
Cons??!!
Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
stock belt clip easily broken, battery life no more than two days with regular use
Hard on batteries
Haven't found any yet.
Included OCR program isn't that good
lack of manual white balance  amp;amp; shutter speed selection, battery and CF door quality
None
Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor service
very short battery life
software glitch, no filter threads, quick power save, short battery life
Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
Jams... Problems...
Price, Resolution
Lack of calendar
shakes violently and fails frequently
price
stuff
VM button does not (as one would intuit) to go VM, WAP sucks as usual
Delete function , photo quality not great
Bad service, terrible navigation, confusing to use
some small ones, read the review!
Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
nothing!
None significant
Keypad a bit small, keys not lit well
Programing set up
resolution, loading time, battery life
Can't find any cons!
Is there?
7MB Built In Memory
- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
No rechargeable Batteries included, Fragile, large size makes it awkward.
fasteners get stuck when closed, no cup holder, basket hard to get into.
Sluggish Interface
Color photos use lots of ink...
no case or adapter
Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot adjust ring volume with phone closed
Does not work well at all on normal or offset paper
small zooming ability
See above I don't have room to list them all here.
Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone facility.
Internal antenna gets terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
Expensive, weak flash
I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
look
Will not work with Windows XP
Noisy, strong vibration amp;#13; amp;#10;
short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
Short battery life
2 units went belly-up over a 13 month period.
None
Not the top printer in the range
Uneven lighting on keypad
A little slow
The battery life is a bit short
none I can think of
service with Tracfone is very expensive
Poor low light operation, should be rated at better than ISO 100
Ringers could be a wee bit louder. otherwise there really is none.
INCONVENIENT LENS CAP/HARD TO FOLLOW MENUS
slow charge, slow file handling, short battery life
Shoddy business practices by Epson
Slow.
Battery life
bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
sometimes difficult to get pix from camera to computer
can't take short movies
battery
Some of the "extras" cost extra to use.
none at this price
Large compared to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
Very poor battery life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
I little bulky, but you get use to it.
Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
Keys are easily bumped..wished I had a hard case for it.
Battery life could be longer
Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
Not good for uneven surfaces
NONE!
Comes with a too small memory stick.
Loud and sometimes slow
Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
none
Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of signal fade constantly!
not too good under low-light conditions
never worked for me to try it out
easy to accidentally hang up on a caller.
Paper feeds wrong sometimes
about .5mb of internal memory, battery  amp; CF doors are hard to open/close
Limited movie capture mode.
no mp3
Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
crippled under XP; poor online customer service; no USB cable
relatively poor reception
Maneuverability
Slow focus and a bit noisy
VERY ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
Paper tray too short
is kind of big
Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
no calander/appointment feature, no alarm
Poor paper hanlding
nothing
uses batteries like crazy
Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
poor menu system, no alarm feature
Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
Floppy media means moving parts, price
Overpriced
When traveling you will need memory accessories.
No zoom, rough on batteries.
Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
No Voice-Dial
Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not work, Feeding problems as well.
short battery life
mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, Some software components not stable.
Batteries are not standard, recharging only through the cradle
When using monitor battery lasts very short
Not small enough, instructions are a bit complicated
Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
none
you will miss calls, phone is almost too small
size
not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes drops calls in a very specific area
None.
Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
wish it print faster
need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler once it works
Upgradeability
Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures.,
sometimes slow, camera button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always work
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
Doesn't come with case/floppies
Slow loading pics onto the computer.
Price
It has an 'ok' button for send, end, and almost everything else.
paper trays dodgy
no memory stick option
durability of sliding cover
Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, large antenna sticking out
Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
Flimsy rubber cover for I/O ports.
Thirsty of ink, expensive operation, cheap funeral
no USB syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services for sending email.
No voice recorder, different battery to old phones.
Kind of big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
no removable memory
none
limited time for downloads and Sprint customer service
Top-loading paper feed.
Poor slide-down cover, ear sometimes covers speaker, could be smaller, poor construction
Smudging
digital zoom has MUCH to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
none
if you use crapy paper you will get crapy photo's
Some grain in low light.
none so far...
size
Not PHOTO quality
None
terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
Controls not very intuitive. LCD is small.
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Storage basket can't hold very much, no cup holders.
Disappointing memory and screen size
Too small; bad voice reception, ringer volume too low and hard to change
Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer support.
Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
No zoom, terrible UI, terrible software
The battery charger is flimsy; no clock.
Noisey, no swich to turn it off, Low speed
maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
Placement of outside buttons; Charging platform is awkward
Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything for a limited time
a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down mode.
Too long of a delay to take picture.
Ink expensive but they all are.
Camera glitches *galore*, dummied-down controls, staggeringly brief battery life, fragile-seeming camera body. ,
Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very minor)
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Hard to get accessories for, could be smaller
Very slow on 1200 dpi
you can't make an 8x10 out of pictures
Poor Battery life, Scratches easily
Easily dialed accidentally.
Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery life so-so.
It doesn't work
Not for large businesses
Weight
could print color faster
durability, quality
Cheaply built, falls apart and has technical problems
Ring tones, WAP, LCD screen
extended apps (like photo) area  bit slow
Price.  Antenna.
Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
no zoom
middle-of-the-line
Definitaly use  an Adapter
6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
????
Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
Viewfinder.
Bulky
no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
low battery life, no floppy disk use
Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
Sloooow interface.
Not for graphic or color prints jobs.
no USB port
Accepts one cartridge only
flash not so hot, no zoom
I had two problems with this one antenna broke off and keypad stopped working, possibly cheaply made
Audio Management is needlessly painful
Software not as intuitive as it could be.
Somewhat noisy
complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty back light colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
Sprint PCS network
service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
Proprietary computer cable
reds are too bright
16MB CompactFlash Card is too small!
Speed is a bit leisurely.
Somewhat pricey.
Looks boxy and a bit big.
Eats batteries, difficult to download pictures
Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap thing
Headset doesn't have answer/hangup button.
crummy belt holder, can't turn ringer off silently
None so far. (I've used it  lt;i gt;a lot lt;/i gt; for over a year and a half.)
-
Does not come with a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
No Battery Charger
Malfunctions Easily (see documented cases below)
weight, scratches easily, pricey, camera, battery
Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
Not upgradeable for more storage!
Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial.
Does not come with case and AC
A little noisy
Absolutely none
A bit large
obstinate paper feed, slow
It takes a little while to set up.
Not too many features.
No complaints
No color screen, some hard to figure out features, outside ringer control problem
focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
Unreliable, sound and signal strength could be better.
Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
weak signal, slow response, awful screen resolution, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
Best to use epson paper for photos
none
slow upload without the card reader
No AC adapter
Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
Unreliable
None so far
The picture does not always take properly when holding down the button.
Low volume in loud places, small buttons
Very poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
Pricey at regular price, power hog.
cartridges are still expensive (shop around)
Must replace cartridge if one color runs out,
Certain options are required.
not for printing
Complicated menu
battery usage
the signal is always low...
No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
Steep purchase price.
a few details that could be improved on
OK Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking Pictures
Low Battery Life
Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough  amp;gt;? Not sure yet
Needs protective sleeve!
Slow
Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
Only con is if you use your phone for playing instead of calling!
baby pushing up can cause it to topple backwards
Sound could be better.
Windows XP problems, takes a lot of desk space, no power-save mode
Ink use
sometimes out of focus on moving objects
low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
Buy an extra battery and keep it charged.
Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
no ink level notifier, the price won't stay this low
does go through ink rather fast, spendy ink
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
None
battery life, lcd gets hot, dead pixels - all easily remedied
No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
So, what's the catch? Why, it's  lt;i gt;OBSOLETE! lt;/i gt; And, it's Digital.
Battery life sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
Speaker could be a little bit louder during a call
Still building their services
Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
Expensive operation, poor reliability, noisy
No color screen.
price
The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
battery comes off easily, turns off on its own
noisy, poor quality photos.
Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
Expensive ink cartridges, software
A little wide.
No speakerphone function, no camera, and no holster for hip available
Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
Small Buttons
Short batter life, slow transfers
Included battery has short life.
A bit large to carry
It's a little heavy...weight and price.
Can't think of any yet
None noted
sometimes it is slow
Won't do everything
The material is uglier than sin.
Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
No vibrate feature.
Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional hiccups
Overall text quality was below standard.
weird belt clip, short battery life, pricey
Battery life is short
slow, not the sharpest text it the world
Too heavy, hard to fold and unfold, safety concerns for standing child.
No USB connections on some PC's
The strap is difficult to attach
Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
Terrible red-eye problem
Slightly sticky buttons.
T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
Ink cartriges a little expensive
Bigger than some. Not GPRS. Not Color display.
Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
pricey cartridges
No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
Maybe slimmer battery??
Lens should have an automatic cover.
If you forget to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without knowing
Poor canopy design.
screen sometimes hard to see in sunlight
Trouble with graphics.
None
none at the moment
Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger amp;battery no included
A bit pricey
Bad scanning capability
very very very very expensive
Too much for home use and too expensive amp;#13; amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
flimsy trays
have to plug into the computer to view photos
Noisy, clogs easily, slow amp;#13; amp;#10;
poor flash; documentation
You may have to wait for the arrival
none
hard on batteries, no real owners manual
Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
Quite bulky in width, horrible battery life.
ink cartridge runs out very quickly
-Doesn't have large format capacity
Little versatility, poor image quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
Picture quality
Tray can be tricky to slide out
"Boxy" looking, Bulky, A Bit More Expensive
I have nothing but problems with this phone
No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
Phone gets hot after a long time of use.
everything else
Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
Ink nozzles have to be cleaned regularly
Sometimes the bells and whistles are too complicated.
Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
Horrible contruction, Horrible battery life
Batteries go fast, lack of zoom
Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
somewhat slow
the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
Terribly cheap quality, center bar breaks, wheels fall off
Zoom Response is a Little Slow
Only picture wallpapers available, nothing plain
Price, Price and Price, battery life.
None so far except it's kinda ugly
Car charger and calls problem.
-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
None yet
delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
Uses Sony Memory Stick, No Sound on MPEG Movies
Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
nothing
A bit pricey
Feels flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
No ability to change Lenses
makes me look girlie
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Would prefer about 1/2 inch shorter
Ring tones are a little corny
Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
Electronics
Extremely slow, noisy and black and white comes out very poorly with black splotches..
Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
Paper feed, noise, printer driver
bad for anything not close-up
Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity.
Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly fuzzy print on plain paper
Small problems, USB port and power problem
Uses a lot of ink
Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
slow, uses a lot of ink, noisy
shutter delay, slow flash charge, low battery life
Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), kinda loud.
Kinda Bulky
Not that reliable
face plates for this model are hard to find.
have not found anything wrong with this phone yet
Picture Quality, Price
Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard to learn
2 megapixel resolution
no basket, PRICE!!
Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
NONE
phone is a little hard to program
dust kills it, clogged heads, uses too much ink
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
a little pricey, but worth it
Face of phone small, a little hard to read
8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
price
Black and white cartridge too small.
none
some what heavy.
because of size could be misplaced easily
Price of memory stick
No voice dialing
viewfinder, no mic for video, limited shutter speed
Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
Hard to use, poor quality pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
Loud, Shakes my entire desk
Cost, flash, lens cover
Clarity of calls not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate static
limited storage
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
uses batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
uses up ink pretty fast
hard to find
Uses batteries quickly
a little pricey
Rather expensive ink; runs through ink quickly
Expensive
Games...who needs them?!?!?
constantly freezes
Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
None
Poor Photo Quality, no LCD Display, no flash.
Needs extra memory for hi res photos
Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
none found yet
battery life terrible, cheep junk
comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
Poor  Photos
Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
Rather slow and frustrating.
bulky - large - expensive
Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of use.
Major: Really really bad antenna (should not buy b/c of this
Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
Limited accessories at this point and no black cover!
Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
n/a
None yet
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
NONE
battery usage is not on part.... need more battery life
expensive
Hmmm...having difficulty with a "con."
Cheap antenna, Cheap build quality
Weak vibrating alert
No Back-light at night.
Paper doesn't readily flow through and the ink clogs up at times.
bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
No outer buttons, Long phone, Battery life!
Defective!
Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.
ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
Front face plate scratches easily. Slippery back plate.
Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
No zoom, battery eater
Almost too big for everyday use.
Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short accumulator
single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
It likes a lot of light, but for the money I have no complaints.
Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
No real zoom,slow shutter
Battery life is pathetic (nothing a few NiMH rechargeables can't handle).
carrier straps are too small
poor reception, the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
size, color printing not up to photo standards
Stay tuned
Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
A bit heavy.  For the price I wish it included a carrying case.
software buggy
Auto focus is poor in low light and fast moving situations
Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
Can't think of any!
It could be faster, resolution on scan images could be better.Big Unit
Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to figure out.  Somewhat slow.
None that I can find.
none
Buttons are too small, the phone sometimes falls out of its holster
Error Messages Stink
Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
Sort of expensive
2000 is already on the market?
Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
Fragile, headset compatibility
Complicated, poor battery life, poor digital camera.
A little slow getting started.
Boy those cartridges are pricey!
horrible battery life, features, functionality, range, clarity and it's not user friendly
Earpiece is my only complaint
battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
microphone, LCD, case, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
Not very dependable
No "Take Me Out To The Ballgame."
Packaged Software not  amp;quot;home amp;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too often, Minor problems with some Compaq computers
sometimes tends to overexpose, price
sells for $300+
Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
Reciever Volume is low.
size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
NO ACCESS MESSAGES
front of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
slow
Has an annoying arial!
-
NOISY paper loading; photos are dull, flat
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
heats up horribly, faceplates nearly impossible to change, randomly doesn't ring
poor ringtone volume, difficult to work with the screen under the sun
Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
uses batteries fast
activation process is a little long
none really
none that i can think of so far.........
May sound a bit like analog - half a second delay sometimes.
Small LCD screen
can't call out of servicing area
No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
Slow between shots amp;#13; amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time amp;#13; amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
Size although not really a big con
Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
eats up printer ink quickly amp;#13; amp;#10;very slow moving amp;#13; amp;#10;
Only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
pricey
poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
small ink cartrige
Can't always retrieve missed calls, it's plain ugly, plus there's no games
Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
Still high in price for the average buyer, like me.
Should be packaged with case or at least a lens cap.  No Macro.
faceplate falls off when dropped
Bad reception, Fragile LCD, lack of quality of Sprint network and customer service
Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take.
6 months and I haven't found one.
not a flip phone
Using viewer eats up batteries.
Mechanically sounds a bit rough when focusing
Seems to slow
a little costly
You can't always hear the phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
*low earpiece volume
Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
Battery stays charges for 60 minutes when used.
i don't like the paper tray (but they are all pretty much set up this way now)
Not the greatest walking stroller.
Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
High operating cost
Very awkward interface, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the time
totally unreliable
Noisy Turning on and off.
Zooming drains battery life, no viewfinder
unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only works in windows 98
Your best photo's will be bad.
Price, accessory prices
almost non-existent tech support
I have yet to be disappointed in this cell phone.
batteries run out quickly
????
Not many advanced features, low battery life
2X optical zoom, No battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
Noisy at start up and no USB port.
Half full expensive cartridges
Bad Pictures.
Big.  Only available in yucky dark blue colour.
accepts only sm cards
Cell phones can be a pain
n/a
Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
poorly designed hard to grip and marginal sound quality
Premium Glossy photos suffer from bronzing...
Nothing that I can think of.
Can't take close-up shots
SLOW, INFERIOR SIGNAL RECEPTION, POOR COLOR DISPLAY, POOR ERGONOMICS, QUIET RING TONES, AND MUCH MORE.
Ink costs a lot
the ring tones are revolting   you can't download replacements.
picture quality (if you don't read my review)
EVF hard to see in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
Battery Life is the pits!
Replacement Cartridges Are High
Irritating beep when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
basket on bottom is small
NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
Network Selection Issues
That paper tray!
Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens Cap
Lacks features
Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
A little slow
Small basket
carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
Under-powered flash
Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
terrible reception , unusable in many places where other phones work
Battery hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
Too long to turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, battery life a bit short
Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
8mb max memory, tech support
Short battery life, awful image quality, poor construction, terrible software
Cost, cost, cost
Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
Small memory (Standard card) and no mechanical zoom
Cannot accept digital camera memory cards, printhead has to be replaced regularly
Price ($1299) (relative) amp;#13; amp;#10;Big, heavy
Bad ringer choices
Like the new 10x zoom a little better
Software hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy holster
Paper Jams, price
Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
Doesn't work (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
slow to deliver to printer, not too bad
no vibrating function, element of distortion.
Slightly slow for color
Maybe size....
Baterry life is momentary
Other than the included manual, none
"Fuzzy" documentation. Can't use some features with PC.  Finding replacement photo paper in normal stores.
A bit slow when processing
Keypad looks nice, but keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
Not that great for action shots.
Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow start up.
Could be smaller
Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a big deal at all.
Could have a game or two come standard, no speakerphone.
No AC adapter with this package!
smell of cartridge ink; inconsistent manual feed
It is just a bit noisy
Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
difficult to use
Construction
washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
Battery life, headset compatibility, display
conflict with mustek scanners, usb doesn't seem to work like it should
Ink runs out pretty quickly and is expensive
Cost
slow, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
buggy, poor reception, sucks with Verizon
No web access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
No internet features yet
Why would a spy camera BEEP when pictures are taken?
Few ring tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be better
a little expensive
None
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
Battery life is terrible
none so far
Ink drinker
Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
Hissing in the earpiece
Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
Battery use, no lens cover
not a lot of storage,
Bulky camera
Horrid Support
After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
top-heavy   awkward at times
none
Low ringer volume, direction-sensitive earpiece.
better options available
None
slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
Maybe to small and thin for some.
USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
Horrid, selfish software
plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
Poor software and small flash card
Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
Rather cheaply made  amp; expensive cartridges
Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
Additional Software, Cartridge Problems
bad zoom, no case
printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
Calendar does not have "view all day notes" feature.
small screen, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
Sometimes hard to hear
Short battery life
MX 500 has no zoom
Moderately expensive.
Horrible paper feed
Not for images.
Heavy! Messy Nokia User Interface...
Size, poor integration ergonomics #13; #10;Very weak ringer
price
lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak.
Very hard to use, missing many basic functions found on Nokia phones.
not very good for small babies, not very well padded
Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
Large belt clip
no a/c adapter,  eats batteries, doesn't last long
no power adapter included
takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
expensive
A bit expensive...
Picture quality
Some buttons/menu items are confusing
Terrible hands free - design model flaw
No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
Carrying case not included
Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, Storage.
Shape, price
slow, only  amp;quot;ok amp;quot; quality
Size can be a little too small sometimes
seems abit flimsy
system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
Ink evaporates and then clogs print head
Very few--only outdated by newer technology
Buttons a bit mushy
Only so-so image quality at best.
Antenna Sticks Out, Not Very Sexy
Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
feels more like a toy
none
Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring tones automatically.
Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
Compact Flash card could be larger.
HEAVY
None
Size, feel on wrist
Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
focus problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
No downloadable pictures.
The instruction book is insufficient for most of the machine's features.
Jams/uses a lot of ink
Ink is expensive
lens cap, documentation
Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
Handsfree jack and headset are a joke!
Pictures won't access on any computer.
No external flash fitting
Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
viewfinder, lens cap, feels toy-ish
You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame.,
None as far as I can tell
Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
Low Pixals, Slow recording
Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
poor instructions in booklet
None yet.
not many really, does what it should at this price well
Quite slow... but who cares.
Slow on a parallel port
Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
don't know of any
optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
stroller is bulky and takes alot of cargo space
Camera, I don't think so.
battery could be stronger,small memory
Slow when scanning
IT'S DEAF!!!!
Could include carrying case...
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 DOLLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Heavy, display small
Battery life
The sunhood - read below.
Still haven't found any
Washed-out printouts, slow**
Power button.
Its too cumbersome to fit into my kitchen garbage can.
You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
noisy, big
Consumables are a bit pricey
voice activated dial sometimes iffy
Lacks Many Features
Some ergonomic problems
slow for office use, noisy, can be heavy on ink usage
Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches  amp; becomes unglued
No flip front option
a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky
some accessories are cheap
The battery life seems to be a bit on the short side.
Battery life deteriorates FAST!
kinda heavy, reception not always best
Only a 2X optical zoom
Quality of resolution diminishes significantly over 8 photos
Better than average use can make this quite costly!
Kind of ugly looking
speed, uses a lot of ink
expensive ink.
none
does great video without sound though
Not good with low light situations.
None.
strangely large antenna.
Slow
Low Video Resolution, No Manual Features, Weak Battery
Heavyweight
none
A little slow
SLOW
photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in use.
none
Needs stronger optical zoom. The included 8mb compact flash card is way too insufficient.
Poor image quality
Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
Very dark display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
VERY LOUD paper feed.
Chronic battery issues with this model
View finder is off center, didn't come with AC adapter
Handles seem too short
had to upgrade
large, heavy, no color screen
Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
high price, bad quality
Needs more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
it doesn't do the dishes.
Motion shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
Too heavy, no storage
SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
Flat feed scanner can be limiting.
LCD display extremely dim
Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
Keys almost indistinguishable by touch.
Haven't found any yet
A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed amp;#13; amp;#10;
bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
Definitely not recommended for high-volume image documents!
Quite large, no clock function, radio only available through hands free kit
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
No Macintosh connection.
not good printing
Charger problems, automatic disconnects, scratches easily, no zoom or flash on camera
Size, bulky
none!
None that I am aware of
delay in taking photos, bad in low lighting, short battery life
No call timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
software tricks you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't last long
Too many to list here. Read the review.
difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
Keep your 35mm too
none
Kind of big.
must purchase ac power adapter separately
No viewfinder.  No sound for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
No bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
Pricey, power hungry
Nightmare, problem after problem,off alignment.etc
Operating cost BAD...
Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
A little more difficult to use
Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
Must get used to not handling paper photos
The volume is a little low.
missing apple driver, no USB cable included
Fingerprint city, no case, measly included CF card capacity
Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
Might be too small for you
none
Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
no strap to carry with
Short battery life
child can fall off when standing
a little bigger than StarTac
One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.
Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
SLOW
Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
none
don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality and speed
Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error.
Poor reception, screen turns white, pricey for what it is.
not as long standby as 5120..little more complex to use
found none yet
price and 2MP
Exposure problems, still no PC-cord flash adapter promised by Minolta
none of the functions are anything to brag about
Uses a lot of ink
I sucked at Snake
memory limited, slow, poor low-light performance
Squeaking wheels! pad rests on ground when folded
ringtones, key placement
Echoing is terrible! Other party often reports they cannot hear me clearly.
no sound; no auto-scene modes
None
Menues, menues, menues
Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
Slow start up, partially plastic housing
A little big and heavy...
Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
Ringtones stink.
drains batteries like you wouldn't believe, very slow to take pictures
???
No two sided attachment
none
low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a whole lot more
No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
ink runs out quickly
Bulky
Separate ink cartridges
poor quality photos, battery problems, no flash, endless cons
Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast  amp; very hard to close.
Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt get email to work
Fussy keys   feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate Viewfinder; 8MB Memory
sound quality
Optical Zoom range a bit limited.
Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
Speed
Not for Windows XP.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
Poor reception in many areas
For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
zoom, sm card,
like most cameras, it comes with a small Memory card.  battery
Fragile and low capacity paper tray.
Cost, red eye flash problem
some areas in our small town are  quot;bad quot; areas, but other than that sound is like next door
Have to Listen to Boss
Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
Weak Flash
it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
None.
Needs a larger memory chip, only holds 16 pictures
Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
Frustrating to use; To many problems
Haven't found any yet.
Poor picture quality
price
unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward text messaging.
user friendly???
Speed, simplicity of copier.
voice dialing is not linked to speed dial in phone book...a minor detail
small buttons, headset not too loud
Battery life, green light in viewfinder annoying
The color red comes out a little too bright.
none
no camera case included
No USB capabilities
Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
Slow, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
customer service becomes your best friend
No rechargeable battery came with it
Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite.Uses proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
Little Pricey, Storage
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
None
None
Turns itself on, low picture quality
red "screen" cast, sometimes overexposes
The ringer is waaaay too soft, even at its loudest settings.
lt;b gt;Some difficulty  using viewfinder lt;/b gt;
lot of money, kinda big
bulky for storage
Lack features that are of limited value other than impressing your friends.
It's pretty big, but it's still really great
No buttons for dialing *  #13; #10;Dim in sunlight
Pricey, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
The zoom is not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
No parent Cup Holder
no lense cover
People always come out grey-looking and washed out
(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
The battery door has to stay open when the AC adaptor is in.
rechargeable battery and charger is not included, an additional $80 online
No cable.
paper jams,slow printing
Battery life, better off with rechargeable batteries
Looks kinda weird, but is still cool.
Manual flash
Digital viewfinder (not optical), manual options, software
None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
Pricey, small basket,
Battery life, but you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor for downloads.
Slow startup time, sharpness issue
It is slow taking the pictures.
Inks are pricey
Poor battery performance, no Bluetooth.
$500, goes through batteries fast.
Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
Picture sizes, internet disconection is efficient
No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
loses user settings when powered off.
Not very good life support
still a ways to go on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
USB problems, Problems powering up, didn't operate properly
wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
Slightly large, tech glitches, novelty
Extremely poor battery life, Poor customer service and false advertising
Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
Small port plug cover easy to lose, doesn't come with a case.  Price.
Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
nothing
No Auto-Focus, Weak Flash
Antenna.  Sound quality.  Charging cord.
Poor low-light performance, poor battery life, weak flash, poor software.  ,
Software forces removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
plastic scrapes
price, slower focus
user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
No talkie on base, voice command somewhat interprative,  #13; #10;leather case = dumb.
Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gets garbled.
Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
Buttons tiny, ridiculous, easy to lose
Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to mess around with the phone.
Accessing numbers not using the stylus #13; #10;takes too long with scroll buttons
Ugly
very expensive for a piece of junk
Misrepresentation, dishonest practices and tactics.
eats up batteries pretty quickly, like any other digital camera
uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
Just a Bit Pricey!
It eats batteries up fast
noisy when you turn it on, but oh well...
none yet
none
Features (read Internet) require extra fees.
Software is not the best
Is there any? --- Read what I have to say
It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
battery eater
front wheels occasionally lock up
loud and slow
Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
So cute I'm going to be mad with the first scratch.
Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
Poor build quality, reception, battery life, iTap
Quick print is horrible.
slow color print time, especially high definition
It is a little slower than I would like it to be
No lens protection, not true 2.1 Megapixels, no optical zoom
Extremely low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
Battery Charger Costs $$$
Could be a little more "attractive," not a must though.
none yet...
poor low light conditions, adequate speed
like all digital cameras buy rechargeble batteries
Poor quality, no flash, outdoor pictures only.
Only 10 Voice dials
No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
High price
Not for t-shirts of colors
No optical zoom, slow serial transfer
Basket too small
No optical zoom
Volume too low, reception isn't always good.
Can't think of one....
cheap quality
Use Epson paper for best results
price associated with paper/ink
7-second wait time in between pictures.
a little heavy, not necessarily user-friendly, bad software
I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
larger memory stick required immediately
Not easy to read display, loudness of earpiece
phone case
No hard copy pictures
Expensive. Image quality not completely perfect.
timeouts/freezes up
The flash card supplied is virtually useless.
Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
Could be quicker and ink could last a little longer
Flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
Flimsy pull up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
none noted
pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
None
Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
It does  lt;B gt;not lt;/B gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.
expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
Reliability not that great, big and loud
none yet
low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
Awful battery life, expensive accessories
The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
short battery life
Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
Battery life could be better.
terrible quality, etc.
none
LCD hard to see in bright light; Autofocus takes some time in low light situations
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
Price. You'll get it back in savings made on refilling the ink. :)
none
Cannot easily change volume while talking.
Too many to count.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
EXPENSIVE TO BUY, AND ACCESSORIES ARE EXPENSIVE
Body Glove cell case doesn't clip onto belt very well, Jabra plastic earpieces get lost easily
None
can not talk without taking holster off.  battery dies easily from talking to much.
Quality Sucks amp;#13; amp;#10;Eats Batteries
More features than I need,
The price!
No zoom features, hard to get action shots.
bulky, defective volume, bluetooth sucks
none really
Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many features.
NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing for images or mp3's
keep plenty of batteries around
Low battery life, poor reception
VERY VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 confuses me.
not great for printing pictures
One ink cartridge system
Mediocre display, limited features
None
none as of yet
none
jamming,expensive cartridges
Expensive...Printer???
Poor Technical Support, Low/NO Color Quality
none so far
Slow yet below average picture printing
stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
none
Expensive for the additional accessories.
Only 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
a little heavy, newer and lighter models out there now
Flash-Range
Still has some user interface kinks to work through.
very poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
when moved, the cord comes off easily
No longer produced
1 way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard to change
a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
Bad battery life
Lack of easy silence feature
A tad bit bulky
Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty overall
Eats up battery life easily.
Not a very good printer when printing photos
Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
red eye with built in flash
batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
battery dies quickly at work, movies, mall, hospital
Awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
Flimsy CF card and battery doors, serial interface.  Somewhat fragile.
Rome
Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
1 number per person, bulky, heavy, short battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
Weight, 1.6x Lens multiplier, no tilt and swivel LCD
Poor signal acquisition.
Slow
more for simple projects, as a homework
Cheap body
Size, Hard to open, Volume, Antennae
Sequential action photos is a big problem, capture write is very slow.
small paper cartridge
small memory included
It broke several times!
wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
NOT for babies, huge, expensive
Useless screen outdoors and slippery case.
Very little wrong with this little gem!
design and lack of games
none
Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
Works bad on new Win2000 PC
Bulky.
Hurts my ear!  Features are not easy to use-not intuitive.
Small LCD screen.
Size, changing the volume
High per page cost, slow print speed, unreliable paper feed, poor software, bad hardware quality
RETAIL COST HIGHER
None I have found
Slow Trigger Button, 8MB Memory Stick too small, no time exposure
None so far!
awkward vibrate mode; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
Toner is a little on the expensive side.
A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
Isn't extremely durable
No image stabilization,
Reception, UI, irritating "gamey" features
reliability, size
Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on phone
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
None for the price
keypad response, too small for some
None
Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
Battery Life sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk time
Requires diligence to buy and refill minutes regularly.
Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different tasks (color/b amp;W)
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
Paper feeds from the back. Poor software.  Poor print quality
A little bulky
Loud, Paper feeder slow to load, clunky
Short battery life.
battery consumption, auto-focus system
Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can confuse new users, no web access.
No zoom, no lens cover
A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
none for my purposes
you get addicted to taking lots and lots of pictures !
not many features, better if it had a couple more games
None
close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
Menu System, Battery Life, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
speed of printing
a little slow print speed
bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
The batteries don't seem to last very long.
Clearing paper jams can be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
None that I can find
Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
Very noisy!  Design is bigger and clunkier!
Price will probably come down
Doesn't come with needed Cables.
Heavy on batteries
Shutter lag is noticeable. No way to put protective filter on without attachment
The size of the printer itself its a little big.
inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
uses a lot of batteries
everything else
Does not have Optical Zoom
Accessories hard to find! Replaced LCD screen in november 2001.
no antenna, can you say RADIATION?
The hands-free kit is of poor quality. But that elsewhere.
Short Battery Life, picture loading time
Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
the sounds of ring is not loud enough
static/ roaming when in home area
Slow.
Battery life and large size.
Haven't found any
A little big for small hands.
takes a little time to turn on/off
Not very durable
should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
expensive, overkill for most web uses
Can't think of any reasonable things to put here!
Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive Plans
short battery life
Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
nothing
system is bulky
Poor picture quality
You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
Freezes up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
upload to computer is slow
CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
None
Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
none
Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
smaller buttons
none
Price
Support and parts are difficult.
Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
It continually jams when printing envelopes.
Disabled data transfer
Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
Cartridges are pretty high.
Limited Features
Very Poor customer service.
cost, weight
Paper jams frequent amp;#13; amp;#10;Bad long term colour quality
Low memory for photos and ringtones.
picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
None that I can find.
Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
Never know when it will work
Certain color reproduction
It's an offshoot of the 4p and 5p.  They stunk.
sometimes media loads crookedly, had one photo paper jam (yikes)
None really. Sorry.
none found
None, this is the best camera on the market
flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
Family a little upset.
Not the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
Doesn't work, 8MB SmartMedia card.
Have to use special paper to achieve 1440 x 720 dpi
Worthless manual
No calculator...
"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
No flash, marginal lens.
straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
Expensive, stability
over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
battery life is a little short...
None yet
No access to raw pixels
poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
NO ZOOM?
Battery life
problems with software and batteries, low resolution
... most fall short of the promise.
current digital voice quality sucks
Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other services
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , ,
vague battery indicator, camera has no flash
Scratchy, short battery life, easy to break
None that i can think of
Have to buy better cartrige
Shutter Lag
As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
Battery!
movie mode isn't long enough
smeared printing, never wakes up from standby, won't feed paper properly,
Serial interface, strange battery
not as nifty as it may believe!!
price of media, limit on picture size
NiMH Batteries, AC adapter not included.
Price and weight
can be a bit confusing
Way too LOUD.
Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece volume, hard-to-read display
Scan quality is terrible, so everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
Somewhat heavier than those cute little phones
Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
Volume level too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
Read the review.
Overprice cartridge
doesn't print at a professional level
Doesn't last long; Instable battery life.
Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral 1.
So long to get started!
Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
Slightly bulkier than other clamshell phones
not a one
Low battery life, is the echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
The holder is not practical they need a new design.
Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
Pricey
Very slow, drinks ink like water, paper jams constantly, broke after a few months.
You need more than 8mb of ram
It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
poor low light pictures
High price
High cost of Black Ink Cartridge, paper tray capacity, paper loading loud
Internet access, email:  not as simple as advertised
It is on the big side, but so what.
Center Bar that supports folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
Slow, no serious support
rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
BULKY, HEAVY, ALREADY DATED
Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
Battery life.
Hard to tell when you are out of ink.
Hard to find :)
none
NONE!!!
- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
Can't get past level 14 in "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
none
slow T9 text input
only lasted 5 months
None
scratches show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
Too many to list, but I'll try.
battery doesn't seem to last long
durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
None
Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
can't force it to analog or select channel
Costs extra for Caller ID
Short battery life
No Normal Rings, Outdated, No Games, Slow Boot-up Time
Not wap fuction
Hmmm..... No cons come to mind !
No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
painted case, price
Ink cartridges are pricey
terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
a lot of features to learn
Possibly short battery charge life. Tones   headset volume a bit too low
no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
Horrible reception
none so far
Requires simple maintenance
inkjet per copy is usually more than laser per copy
Big footprint
Requires specific inks and only good quality papers.
Uses a lot of ink if printed at best settings
but its just not big enough
Quality
Appalling sound quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
Slow high colored pages
...
short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
NONE
Consumables eat you alive - poor paper handling.
None that I see
Dumps your photos.  Poor battery life.
n/a
Takes a second or two to actually take the picture after the button is pushed, eats batteries.
No built-in headset jack. No vibration.
Ring Volume, short life span, batteries, bad reception, cheap plastic junk.
SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
none yet
None
makes loud noises, average printing quality, runs out of ink quickly
Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
no AC Adapter, no lens adapter,
size but it has a keyboard - none really.
Keypad setup
I have not yet found any dislikes.
Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
a little slow
It won't  turn heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is blue!
Speed, some PC interface issues
Ear piece audio,low volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
battery hog
no color scanning, low resolution
No optical zoom
Software is slow/hard to use
Navigating the menu
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
lightness makes it feel wobbly
Freezes up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor uncomfortable for long use, chicklet keys.
medium quality printing and low quality scanning, somewhat slow
None.
digital zoom distorts pixels
Major malfunctions
View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
need to have 2 batteries
One color, flip feels flimsy, buggie!
Might feel  amp;quot;bulky amp;quot; at first
No USB cable included
Faceplate scratches easily.
Needs a lot of light.
Linux support, MAC support
Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to press
Tri-Mode
Unreliable, poor photo quality, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
Camera is sufficient.
I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.
No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach,
Only con I can think of is that is doesn't come with a carrying case.
Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I got it free)
Catastrophic WindowsME registry corruption, woeful battery life, weak LCD, image choppiness, extra-cost transfer/charge cradle.
expensive, fall short of every function.
Speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll need
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
no zoom
Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
None so far
Doesn't fit in your pocket!
Don't think there are any to this one.
optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
none
AT T as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
Speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problems.
Easily breakable screen, short battery life
Hard to get focus in low light
Headset disconnects   screen de-lightens!
Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vibrating battery; a little expensive
Eats up the batteries!
Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance.
Slow Shutter
It died! Help!
Picture quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
everything
The software installation should not be customized
Canon bad
Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
turns off after about 15-30 seconds w/o use
Haven't found one yet!
Silly screen savers. No SMS function.
annoying Mac software, networkability
Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
none yet
Paper Output Tray
Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart.
Unsturdy Battery, Muffled Sound
Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
Poor battery life, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
waste of money
Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, mediocre screen, not enough memory
Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.
grahic clarity fair
Slow everything, flimsy feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included,
A drop-in charger would be nice.
small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
None
Picture Quality, Customer Service.
Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
No melody rings : c (
Photo tray broke easily.
battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults
Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
zoom could be better, battery life is limited
Big and bulky
Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
NONE
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
A little thicker than the older 2035 model
none yet
Seems a little thin when talking for long periods of time.
My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
Hate the money it takes!
Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, low battery life
Little zoom, using LCD eats up batteries fast
battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading ring tones
confusing
slightly bulky
size is somewhat awkward
Price, weight, hard to flip open, software not user friendly, durability.
Initial Cost
Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill for most users.
Poorly written instruction manual
+$$$$$$$$$$
*Small, Hard Buttons
i'd go for the 1100A xi with scanner attachment, its really a nice feature
No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
loud, takes a long time to warm up/print a page
hard to install, not compatible,  amp;quot;so so amp;quot; quality
Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
This one is easy, the price.
Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
None
none
Only comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
none
power-up defaults
customer service is rude and unhelpful
None to speak of
Not the smallest camera on the market
Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Sound quality is awful
No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/voice dial buttons in the way
drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
No lens cap leash
Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text confuses me.
no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
Your friends can't keep asking you to see it.
Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external flash...oh well, its unnecessary
Light sensitive, moderate learning curve before you'll get your best pictures
Ugly headset plug, not really an update
high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
Doesn't work!
jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
A little big
slow color printing
Kinda Ugly but you fall in love with it since it runs sooo great.
It's hard to  amp;quot;score amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
no WAP
Small?????
Expensive ink. Doesn't like clone cartridges.
none I can think of
major software issues, poor reception, network problems
Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
not as fast as claimed
So-so text output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
Hard to get a jam out from the back
Long delay between flash recharges, amp; only 16MB memory card.
booklet
The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
Bad color quality, low res, getting the pictures out of the camera
Quality
None
limited zoom, camera too small and slow
price, a bit bulky(takes up all of the back of my expedition)
Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular phones anymore?)
Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
a bit slow, takes a while to start up
Check out the ink consumption on this bad boy
Buy a battery factory to keep up, a little large
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
LCD Monitor could be a tad better
Delays in key-in actions...
2x Optical Zoom, Battery Life
Bulky, Unreliable file reading
no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change it through programming menu, expensive games
none
Identical features to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel solid and durable
Need an optical zoom
Hard to read display.  Non-functioning voice dialing.  Bad reception.  Flimsy.
poor image resolution; high battery usage; not upgradable
falls apart way too easy
A little bulky to get into a small car
heavier than most, shutter lag
Numbers don't light up
some bleeding at high res
Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder,
not enough features
Battery Life
Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
Lack of quality customer service.
If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
Total disaster, Kyocera warranty scam
Smudgy text; poor color definition.
Batteries Drain Quickly When Using Display Mode
Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
Only if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
Additional memory cards can be expensive.
Ink can be costly
Drains batteries, focus problems, no TIFF file output.
screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy when fully extended
It is big.
not enough memory. no flash. no viewfinder. poor quality video.
For n00biez to Digital Cameras, Expect to spend $$$ on accessories
Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
cost
slightly expensive.
bulky when folded up
Small memory. Could be faster.
battery killer!!!!!
Rather trippy graphics
Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
Not durable. Horrid reception.
Prints slowly and uses a lot of ink.
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
A little heavier than some other modern phones, weak selection of rings
USB can be difficult to hook up if you don't know what you are doing
Fragile antenna
not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture quality yet larger
the accessories get a bit expensive
The battery sucks, might as well travel with quarters for the pay phone
The con to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand damage.
LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
Crap battery life, small screen
none...except that it's expensive, but it's worth the money
Large, heavy, expensive
Color is addictive.
Too much time between pictures, not enough buttons
Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
low picture quality, no flash, fixed lens
Very slow, poor camera, call and end buttons backwards...
can't find any
None I've found so fa
high priced unit and toner
Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits
menu layout, screen brightness, ringer volume, some echo
signal strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
Not as compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
Poor performance in low light.
Loses battery power rather fast.
folding could be a problem for some.
Bulky with echo.
16MB memory stick is a little bit small
sub par photo printing
Flash, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
Limited On Board Memory, Slightly Hard To Find In Stores and On The Web
A little heavy and big.
none!
User interface
horrible message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
Screen freezes,no new ringers.
view screen hard to see in bright light
Expensive ink
none that I can think of
Attaching a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
It's a toy and then not even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
very little, picks up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (See review)
too long to spool, does not always print
occasional fuzzy spots
Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
A big phone
small paper loader, paper jams
No storage.
rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release,
Uses color in like mad!
Not the greatest battery life.
Plain appearance when closed
no more NP-80 battery, docking cradle costs extra
ok quality
makes spots on the pages
Slow to download
Few software problems.
No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
None Whatsoever
Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. Vision not reliable.  Detailed manual not included.
A bit noisy
Volume levels, battery life,gets hot, placement of charger socket.
Short battery life, max. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
no optical viewfinder
No screen cover on camera
Inconsistent
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
can be difficult to hear others who are using certain opposing cell brands
NONE
Little things, big problems
cheap plastic parts amp;#13; amp;#10;poor low-light performance amp;#13; amp;#10;marginal image quality
None.
Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full color display.
Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
Well, I guess it doesn't give me back massages
Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
Slow speed. complex controls, slow mode interchanges
hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
Software not first rate, optical viewfinder not great
Terrible battery life  amp; horrible bundled software
Slow picture taking, possible lens issue  amp; slow picture review.
iMacs must get a floppy drive.
Bad sound quality
None for me.
Replacement cartridges are expensive
Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
expensive, slow print speed
Can't think of any right now
Handle with a little bit of care.
Not photo quality
Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
Low battery life, not too
Slower than more expensive printers
BIG
It keeps breaking.
uses a lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
Expensive,Sensitive, can't send small text messages
It is hard to fold.
Not much storage, zaps batteries
Can't think of any.
You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
Haven't found any yet
age
keypad is well-designed but small, needs standard ringer
Keys a little hard to press, no wireless web
Software, speed, reliabilty
Cannot activate speakerphone until after call is placed, no bluetooth
Expensive ink and slow
Chronic battery issues with this model
Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, loaded features
Battery Life, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must turn off occasionally
None
Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
It jams after a year
None
None
price, not as durable as it could be
flimsy, no recline, rattles, 3 point harness
non
Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
Everyone one else wants to play with it!
Too bad it doesn't do color printing.  Slow on the hi-res color scanning otherwise great.
no movie mode
bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
slow download time
Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
Buttons on the side hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
not durable
Can't lock keys to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
Speed, quality, .........
Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
PhotoMax software may have problems
Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
kind of bulky
Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
A real battery hawg!!!!!!!
None Significant
On the expensive side.
The 3390 aren #146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient as the step-up 8290
Doesn't work well with plain paper and uses a lot of ink
chipped cartridges
slow recycle time
I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
none
expensive, hard to see LED in sun
I have not seen one yet
Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
Poor reliability; Short life in analog mode
Recessed buttons are tricky to use
stroller a little awkward to close
none
- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper.
Battery life [but see review].
slow OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
Chintzy fabric
bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
Poor quality - printouts have stripes etc., difficult set up, expensive ink
agfa lies about product specs
High initial cost, stupid out tray
Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
Battery, Data transfer
Not a reliable printer with shor warrenty and bad print quality
not megapixel, can eat batteries, must reset clock when changing batteries
limited amount of paper load
Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
Eats batteries like candy
Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area
Is it a scanner or not?
Nothing revolutionary, for a new(ish) phone
None yet...
Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
extras sold seprately
Flash
poor imported picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
bad software
ring tone choices are few.
Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
-Flimsy Charger
low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
none noticed
Easy breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
Fragile antenna
User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
No docking cradle (USB cable only).
None
Support stinks.
Bulky. Only 1.5 megapixel. Flash stinks. Known focus problems. Learning curve.
2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parts.
not great on grass or gravel
poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
see op
Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
Buggy firmware.
No camera
Reception is crappy
Unreliable, poor software
Low Battery Life cumbersome menu navigation
There is no flash on the camera
Perfection demands a high price.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Slow uploads to computer
eats batteries like mad
Bad camera ... should not be a combo. I've experienced quirks.
a bit noisy
The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
The SiPix Support seem to take offense
low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
Bulky and large
Listening volume; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
Needs frequent black ink change
Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.
A little bulky, software will not install on computer with out support
price could be lower
soo new that apps. and accessories are rare.
Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did I mention Battery?!
Nothing that I can find
Un-ergonomic, fragile, battery weak
sometimes won't connect(I think this is AllTel not the phone)
can't download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
low-res LCD screen, size
Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint Vision expensive and quirky.
It's digital. Some add ons are a must and cost more.
Won't print color if black cartridge is empty.
Terrible reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
No day-glow colors on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping pictures
Slow
No lens cover, no case included
I haven't found any.
careful or you'll block lens with finger!
ink cartridges are a little high and don't last very long
Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
SIZE! styling, and yeah....size
Eats batteries
None so far
Ink cartridge cost, saturation, speed
high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
Quiet Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
Its HUGE! It has no problems with clogging up your desk space!
you have to change tanks between color and B/W
small size takes some getting used to
Poor clarity unresponsive keypad
Pricey, had trouble with the videos on my PC
Too big for my small desk
Does not have full features.
Everything else
None
Noise, speed, reliability, durability, paper feed.
Some chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
Drops calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
Price.
Photo printing a little slow
print cost, quality, quietness.
Battery sucker, not very shock resistant.
Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
Cost of getting a rechargeable battery
Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new  amp;amp; better model on the market
Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
Some serious driver issues (hopefully amp;#13; amp;#10;in the past)
sometimes inconsistent signal strength
tiny joystick hard to manipulate. no lens cover. no optical zoom. price.
Not many compatible accessories
none found yet!
It is a little large to carry.
first one I bought was a lemon
No standard ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being charged, no speakerphone
Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
Long in length, Less Than Adequate Network
Big, No Color Screen.
everything else
volume too low (for all Nokia phones)
No time on the front display
Slower than LaserJets
Batteries run out really quickly,
Weak flash, limited zoom
Quality of long range shots is not great.
Weak speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
Poor quality of manufacture, battery problems and weak signal rec.
USB only
handset earphone is hard to hear.
Very slow, easy to scratch, low battery life
Small basket.
battery falls off easily. Must buy a new set of expensive accessories for it.
Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
No AC Adapter included.
Vibrate mode
Not the best value
not for novices
No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
Lenses Sold Seperately.  Like Most cameras, no light makes grainy pics.
blurry pictures, poor quality
No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
Blurred colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
Should be call DuraDull
Auto Turn off too quickly, menu too hard to use
Bad alarm, ring/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
Very expensive if purchased at full price.
Downloading Time
Battery, software, surface, durability.
slow
everything else about it
Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
Small (16MB) memory card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I have tried.
Not much.
Battery life
all the sh*t I got when I finally caved
Really sucks up batteries, but what digital camera doesn't, digital rather than optical zoom.
1.3m pixels will be outdated in about a month
Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
image quality is less than perfect
Optical viewfinder, Included CF card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
Limited Ring Options
Lens cap
Very poor display, poor interface, did not hold signals
does not ship with smartmedia card
Not enough reclining positions
none
Expensive, no keypad cover.
Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
LOW BATTERY ALARM (LOUD and not adjustable). Vibration is poor.  Ringtones are annoying.
Can lose the lens cap!
Cartridges do not last long, fax not awesome
terrible reception and transmission
battery life don't last as long, not that many features, signal strength varies
Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery life.
a little bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, color only 256.
no bluetooth and camera attachment
Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
lack of some options
Lense cap, no lense adapters
You now have to pay for voice dialing
Battery life, slightly bulky
Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
Optical view-finder sot perfectly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
battery life, and no sounds on short movies.
Battery direction markings hard to read
the only con is i don't have more free minutes to use it!!!!
Text printing slow, but useable.
Expensive, display hard to see in bright sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
None
Expensive
Large size
handle on carrier
None
Sometimes the paper jams
Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
The cell phone lags.
User interface (menu options)
Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
Battery life, text messaging is inferior to other carriers, bulky antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
No USB cable included for the price., Died after 9 prints!
Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
None that I have seen!
Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash.
Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily charge is needed.
Microphone button too easy to activate.
Needs constant supply of fresh batteries
Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
no USB
Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
Nothing big...but, the screen does lag from time to time and annoying hum from charger.
Terrible flash photos of people indoors.
Slower than I'd like for photos.  Not much else.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Gets some stray work groups from time to time.
Kind of Big
Slow, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
Too big, some menus a pain to use
There isnt any
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
no camera function
Little slow in low light, lcd choppy in low light
battery consumption
None Found
Expensive printer cartridges.
Horrible Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. Cuts in and out - regularly
Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality phone
Power button flies off if you sneeze, Missing/Delayed messages
expesive (around 6-700$), several seconds are needed between each photo taken
Photo Ink is VERY expensive
image quality and focus
Not many, still want that camera phone. LOL
Ringtones, I want programmable ring tones! :)
Not quite light-weight as claimed
Body is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
no zoom lens it is a must
Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, bad accessories design.
battery cover tends to wear of.
Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
The Games suck
Folding and unfolding is akward and there is no cup holder
A bigger screen and a better battery would be nice.
Few ringers
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
????
kills batteries, only 8MB memory card
I have not had any problems.
kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk time
usb interface problems
memory could be bigger, but not an issue
bigger than most, heavy.... thats about it
no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
Lots of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
black only
Expensive - according to R.S.P.
no zoom
Color screen is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to load
Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
price, power button is a pain.
cost of ink cartridges
not laser
Slow shutter speed sometimes.
Makes awkward load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
Like most double strollers, it squeaks from time to time
Expensive cartridges; electrical limitations
Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(reported)
Not very sturdy
Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
None
none
earpiece volume could be better
graphics looks ridiculous as well as the ringtones and reception could be better
dropped calls//not often
Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
Still a little heavy to lift.
I need a bigger desk
Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
only one copy every thirty seconds
None
No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
Quirky flash effect.
Screen Light, Battery Life
Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture taking in the Automatic mode.
Slow printing, expensive paper, manual amp;#13; amp;#10;comes on CD-ROM only.
I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
The display, vibrator mode.
none so far
Print Cartridges Run Out Quick and are over $60 for Large Capacity
Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head support or cushioning.
must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
shutter lag, seems heavy despite small size
batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
Short battery life.
No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
Pricey.
heavy, a bit bulky
Price, basket
No printer cord included
Flash, No battery indicator, No Case.
Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
Noise
Short Life Battery, Slightly Heavy,
Replacing ink is expensive
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
no flash/small picture capacity
often malfunctions, uses ink too fast, horrible customer service
Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible support
Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
my 4th canon in 3 years
Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
initial price
None
Price (depends on how you buy it though...)
Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
A little pricey
Ink heads clog if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
fragile, bad software, 4 out of 4 phones defective within 6 months
Menu is a little tricky to use, I am still getting used to it.
Cheaply made
Would have liked a metal lens cap...
No color display.
Slow download, addictive.
Could print more pages per minute
No color screen, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
Very slow and loud.  poor picture quality. And worst of all... VERY POOR customer service.
None
Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
Bad manual, quirky menus, so-so battery
None
older, size
poor quality pictures, no removable storage
"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
Manual Focus, Extremely Sensitive to  amp;#13; amp;#10;lighting situation,
There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
Call time does not automatically display
No calculator. That is the only thing I miss from more expensive phones I've used.
nothing i can think of
Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over excellent TDMA.
small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
noisy, blurry, leaky, slow
My battery keeps dying.
paper feeds from the top
None
Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
Doesn't always have good service
slow response
It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
could use bigger flash card
Like a bike, tires can go flat easily.
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Be sure to talk to your sales rep closely about what you get for $50.
Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
Slow print speed
Can't replace faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
Fixed Focal Length
No automatic pop up flash
Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
none
None
Worst purchase mistake in memory
terrible quality
rattles when vibrating, backlight is weak but still plenty bright
bulky
Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
low memory for events.
the cartridges are a little expensive I think
Flimsy design, no cable included
Still unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
Too many options and features.
Lack of ring tones.
Complex at times; no audio
Expensive, can tip over
weak zoom
everything else!
sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
Only a 2X optical zoom.
Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
Not one!
Too pricey
USB kit separate for $60, only for Apple
Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts to every item.
RECEPTION!
Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
Included Memory card is small, cheap plastic doors (battery and CF)
Picture printout isn't great on this one.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
Awkward antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, little thick.
NO POWER BUTTON!
Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
Almost TOO small in size; a bit difficult to plug charger into.
NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
none so far
Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
Lacks all the bells and whistles of some similarly priced but heavier strollers
Best for first time digital photographers.
F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
Finger can be placed to close to the lens
I have found none
ink is expensive
not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
Gee, where would I start?
Too fast (paper jams), Price.
Slow to start, uses much ink
No silent ring.
Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor phone annoyances
Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
I have no use for the infrared port
drivers Bi-directional  conflict with NT 4.0
cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
n/a
Low battery life
Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
annoying SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, poor camera clarity
Is reception top notch?
Poor, Horrible Quality
none that I can think of!
Rather bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across amp;#13; amp;#10;Small storage basket
Loud and slow
Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate speed
Lack of Stylus/Characher Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
Price
See Review Above
Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video playback (on camera only)
Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
OK display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drops calls (or due to my carrier)
Programing
BATTERY
The FREAKIN ZOOM
Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
on/off button a little hard to press, but it works.
Low Battery Life.  Accessories from Motorola are expensive.  Interferes with TVs and Computer monitors.
Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card
keypad sensitivity, text messaging is difficult
Eats up batteries REAL fast
Slight blurring if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
16MB Compact Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery life
Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory card isn't sufficient.
Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts.
small ink wells, slow
none
Keys are very small. Awkward at first due to irregular placement.
Have to have computer on to copy.
Poor Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, Loud Vibrating Alert!
Outer shell tends to get scratched rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
bad resolution, frequent problems,
A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
Outdated now, no fancy features
The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
cost of cartriges
price
Weird ringtones, main directional navigation button can be tricky.
Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
none
black text could be better
Printer cable not included.
Feeder gets worn out after a while
No cables, economy cartridges
Useless driver for Macintosh
upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
battery life, reception, price, not tri-mode
short battery life
Downloading memory stick a little slow.
none
None
Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
Battery could last longer but hey 4 days ain't bad
Not much. A couple nit-picking observations...
no external flash sync port, % of viewfinder coverage, offset tripod port.
Average battery life, Antenna projects from body
only one- no DOS printing
Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when Vibrating;
Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
noise
None
Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can be fed through it.
functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
uses a lot of batteries, and doesn't take good close ups
High price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
reception!, display quality, battery life
None that I know
The leather case for it.
long wait for highest quality photo printing
expensive ink, cleaning noises, overloading
Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
Fragile
Don't like AdobeActiveShare
Absolutely none.
Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
Not networkable, some functions hard to figure out without manual.
Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
NONE!!!
The price might make that mouth quite dry too...
No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow startup, optical viewfinder
Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
no complaints
Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus amp;#13; amp;#10;
scrapes
A little big to push through narrow aisles
Takes a while to learn all the features well.
a little dated, no web access available
The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
The price might be the biggest turnoff!
Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
- none
Latency between pics, size, construction flaws
Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable.
Expensive ink cartridges
Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, Customer Service
still doesn't come close to 35mm
Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
large size but works well
UI far from Nokia class
Speaker functions poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
none to write about
No problems
Short battery life
A little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
Does not meet advertised specifications. amp;#13; amp;#10;No support. amp;#13; amp;#10;
*Only 2 White balance presets amp;#13; amp;#10;*AF lock awkward amp;#13; amp;#10;*Manual lacking detail amp;#13; amp;#10;*Metering limited amp;#13; amp;#10;
need more features that ordinary phone has.
East batteries! On-off switch too easy to maneuver.
a bit cumbersome
Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
No storage compartment.
cartridge life span
Like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
Price ($399.99), Size, Low volume earpiece
red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
poor at pulling in weak signals
Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation
Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
slightly higher cost - larger body
nothing
Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
my 4th canon in 3 years
Doesn't handle all papers well and jams frequently.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
Can't view Pictures as you take them
Some page curl
NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or never will support vision.
Quiet earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
rather large
Price
hard to use some features
Useless camera, and "Verizon Wireless" message every 5 seconds.
Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter
Short battery life
Manual is on Software and not as separate item.
Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
Honestly I like everything.
Noone really knows anything about it.
Cost, locked features
Slow and Loud when printing in color
goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
Hidden costs
Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
Speed, noise, display of remaining lifetime of consumables
That paper is hard to find and doesn't come in 11 X 14.
horrible results
Poor quality - replaced by a new model every 6 months
Slightly grainy
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
no cons at all really
Lens cap can be bothersome
Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
slow, prints green
It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
Drinks ink, loud, not much life
2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
HARD TO FIND ONE
High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
Only a few images fit on a disk
weight
None that I know of
slightly flimsy
PRICE! Need to take real good care of it
SmartMedia card is not large enough!
I'm afraid to drop it or bump it against anything, small keys
Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
Battery Life
No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only serial download.
none
Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever owned.
slow download time
expensive ink cartridges.
no USB
$35 ink cartridges and expect to have repairs done.
Hard to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/end buttons
Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
Poor battery life (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
Takes a few seconds for the picture to be taken.,
Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
low quality, grainy, dark pictures
Pics aren't as sharp
runs out of ink quickly
Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
Not too many extras.
Battery didn't last long.
Battery Life
Ringers hard for me to hear.
Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
volume, accidental button push, display
NO VOICE DIALING (useful for bluetooth headset).
Prone to SPOOL32 errors
Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
Red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.
had to buy reader for my iMac
Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
Poor image quality,no flash
Phone housing and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement and wear until phone cuts off.
no zoom
Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
Dropped calls, no service with full bars of service, and screen shorted out!
hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, slow print speed
wewweefc
Have not found yet
Talk and End button could be a little bigger.
My battery dies very quickly...not enough ring tones.
Slow shutter speed, bad low light conditions.
Phone Book, Lousy Reception, Battery life, Bluetooth implementation, Ringing volume, speakerphone
Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
Bad battery fit. Auto-turn off on incoming calls. Battery gauge useless.
none
Thick phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
Not good for photos (including B amp;W)
Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
memory card instead of floppy disk storage
Lack of coverage in some less populated areas.
No internal vibrate   dated games
don't have any
Slow for high quality pictures
Warm up time.  Tech support!
a bit pricey
Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification.
Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
Tex quality
hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
Screen is easily damaged; poor battery life
must use Canon paper
Only 2 megapixels
picture quality, battery use, no view
None yet!
Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
I am not big on the silver cover.
Capacity
none
Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg support, somewhat weak reception.
heavy
Doesn't do the advertised stand-by time
You decide
None
Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of features.
Rather weak battery, inaccurate framing of viewfinder, charging stand not supplied
not much memory
no battery indicator.
You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
None
dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
Design, black and white external lcd, bad speaker voice quality
Gets squeaky and flimsy on the long run
Kind-of Bulky in Malls
Poor Battery Life
Software Freeze up
Can't get new ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
battery - price - radiation concerns?
Very weak
Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
high price, learning curve, disk write time
can not hang heavy bags on the handle
weak flash, weak macro  amp; price
High speed shots blurry, short battery life
No where to put things
Slime factor, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone conversations
Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
buttons, back cover loose
Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes
battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
to big, not enough features
Need good light for proper exposure
Earphone/Ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The flash.
Very inconvenient in DOS
Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, slow
Battery hog
hard to use power button, sometimes goes off by itself
Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
Bad battery, bad connections, small buttons
none
No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry lookup.
Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
Large size, only 2X optical zoom
None
Odd button layout takes getting used to.
speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery life horrible, and software very buggy
Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration alert.  Does not come with a holster.
Still the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
Slow and unreliable
Software poor
Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
N-O-I-S-E
Reception, build quality
Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk Time
Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, not a TON of features
Battery consumption,not many features
phonebook not alphabetical, switches to easily to analog in solid digital areas
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
none
replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
included wallpapers, included ringers
There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
none
too easy to operate
no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
Price if you buy retail, but it's truly worth it.
Heavy and sort of complicated
Where should I begin? No flash, no removable memory
Size, battery is an extra
none
Low volume, circular key pad, only 3 languages in U.S. models
Requires USB support, no USB cable supplied.
Mine didn't come with case, but that's the only complaint
headset jack and charger cannot be used simultaneously
Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
not as good as more expensive models
Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
Cost little more than I like
to short for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the phone
none
Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
ink runs out very quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
Requires much adjusting to obtain desired quality.
Speaker phone, lack of third party accessories
slow
Ugly old-school LCD display
Broke after 2 months , and froze up quite a lot.
Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
none so far!
Amber screen, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no color.
sometimes the display fades and I have to tap it
Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
None
expensive
reception
No cons that I've encountered!
Poor reception and numerous dropped calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
No camera; wallpapers and color schemes lame; voice dialing for only 10 numbers
Software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
Poor Exposure Control
Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable batteries recommended.
Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
Some voice feedback, missed calls.
Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
None
no zoom, short battery life
Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy
8 months later I still have not received the $40. rebate that I was promised
No zoom
Battery tends to go dead fast.
There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
Limited capabilities, shaky software
A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
Nothing really.  Keypad takes some getting used to.
Does not like it when you refill your own cartridges. Had other failures.
Hard to text message
Signal isn't much better
tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book entries, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
Has flaws which are made worse by bad service policy.
Haven't found any yet
Price, almost too 'user friendly'
Worthless piece of junk
Somewhat difficult to navigate,
Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap  amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
Expensive
slow color
Takes up TONS of trunk space
Can be Bulky
price
Can't think of any
high cost, unreliable
Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
expensive
Lousy bundled software.
Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
price, no USB connection, need glasses or sharp eyes to read some function screens
Red eyes in flash pics
Makes much noise while loading the paper, no parallel cable
Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out sooner?
Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
power button and shutter release button too close together
None
none
could be smaller, no good covers for it
Lack of AC adapter
Its hard to hear sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
Battery life could use improvement, display letters are odd
No 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily fixed with a $3 adapter.
not compact   ....not really a problem for most
Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
cost
Slow warmup
Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
Not many different ring tones, all the features could be confusing for a first-time user
Just about everything.
Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
Not the best digital quality out there and it takes awhile to unload the pictures.
Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
pricey
High CPU Overhead, Expensive
Weak vibrating option
Poor picture quality
Slow Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
occasional paper feeding problems.
Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
A little Static
down loading can be slow with parallel interface
None, none at all.
feeds multiple sheets at the same time, low capacity paper tray
Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
???
battery needs frequent charging
The dock is separate
pricey, small baskets
battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
A bit flimsy
This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
Physical Size
expensive if you have to pay full price; Software issues; dropped calls a continual problem
Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
A little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
Needs improvement on certain areas.
Settings not always easy to change.
it's just not a very good printer.
Printing, ink use, ease of use!
Substandard reception and software glitches.
Output tray is flimsy, does eat ink when doing high quality prints
This printer is too big, the print job is very bad and it is loud.
Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
Battery Life is so-so, Bigger/Heavier than Nokia 8260
Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
None
ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
Echos, does not pick up signal very well
High Battery Usage, MP3 proprietary (must use included software and SmartDisk only.)
None as far as I'm concerned
size, resolution
Price of ink cartridges, speed of printing
None
Higher priced than other cameras with same features
Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
Loud and slow
Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels  amp; t-shirt transfers
Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
slow image processing  amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
I honestly don't feel like there are any!
I can't really think of anything... oops - sorry...
navi-key can be confusing when attempting to use in-call features
wasn't the first stroller I bought
Excruciating slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
you have to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
No zoom!!!
digital camera learning curve, not as straightforward as film
weight, form factor, backlight
large size
BATTERY LIFE, reception
Carts are a bit pricey and printing can be painfully slow especially with color documents.
Was expensive, low battery life, low max volume, ugh..frustration
None really
None
Total zoom gets blurry
jams with multiple envelopes
Not really fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
Poor reception in some areas
Bulky.  Cost.
Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
Dropped calls sometimes, lots of heat.
Price, cartridge prices, print speed
If Only It Werent AT T
There's no light version for 2 kids and the basket snaps don't stick.
A bit noisy before printing
No indicator for focal length. Battery life indicator could be better.
Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
Quality Control Issues
-End key flaky
A little bit pricey.
"Only" 2X optical zoom and fuzzy digital zoom. Only 8MB memory included.
None
Stroller squeaks sometimes
no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in options
Does not support Bluetooth data transfer.  Users Manual is EXTREMELY inadequate.
nothing
Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
Quality of pictures is not very good
For people looking for fancy or feature-filled phones, this phone has (very) little to offer.
Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras,
Only f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
Picture quality isn't great
The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
small, battery, scratches
probably not the fastest out there
proprietary storage format, no rechargable batteries included
Time to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
Should come with a carrying case
red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
drink holders don't work very well
Limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't loud / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
None, performance wise.
Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
None
No EDGE
I am on my 3rd one in 1 yr. Cingular is horrible service.
none
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable.
A bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
no optical zoom, only 8 MB standard, no USB
Cant stick it in my pants pocket
large, heavy and expensive
Terrible phone and international data service
too many errors
Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
Optical zoom has no Telephoto
Rather large, expensive polaroid film
The battery doesnt last that long
Print Quality
Very few features. No data interface. Small. :)
short battery life, annoying glare, need to restart Mac every time you want to transfer pictures
None I can really think of.
Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
not the greatest speed
rather wide, no free roaming wireless web or organizor programs
Battery life.
Not Enough SmartMemory
Get some rechargeable batteries.
Lacks ISO settings / features for more advanced options.
Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
Print time
Size, easy to lose
Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
tough to see in the light.  poor headphone jack design
Horrible battery life, bad reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
Take a little getting used to
The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens.
might be too small for some.
NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
Somewhat difficult menu, minimal ringtones.
No Zoom,Red Pictures
use's a lot of ink for black and white
battery life seems short
somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
Better choices for high-end photo printing
alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
No Voice Dialing
no sound on video capture... small memory card
standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
Battery life, no roaming
not the best quality, but okay
none worth mentioning
Nothing really. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
battery life seems low, pin charger failed
no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night shooting capability
getting used to the different features and settings
prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
No zoom available, can not find anywhere to contact company, it seems to have disappeared!
Small front screen, buttons a little close but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
Ugly color, short standby and talk time,potential flip problems
Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
Can't talk and charge
Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
not for taking pictures of kids
nothing wrong unless you drop it.
occasional ink smears
DRINKS ink.  Print heads clog continuously.
Ink prices are way too high
Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
Paper tray sticks out back
Color photo output requires special paper for best results
Zoom control, price
Verizon Disabled Features
Bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
none
The rest of it
Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
Poor battery life, a bit overpriced.
Are there any?
Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
terrible battery life, odd shape
No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
not great picture, not great price
bad indoor pics.
Just read the review. 15 words max isn't enough to elaborate.
Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
High volume feed problem
none!!
Poor ear volume, no speaker phone.
Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring louder.
Takes a while to get ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
none
Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
Needs carrying case for protection
expensive
none yet
not easy to transport, takes up a lot of room in car, can't use basket with back seat reclined
HP Support
Papper loading, top loading
None so far!
Heavy battery consumption on some features
Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an issue w/ extensive use.
Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
Price, Battery life.
Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
cartridges
dont like it
doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
Cheap
Volume range; echo
Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
Manual controls require too many button presses, shutter lag
Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
NC 3 software,camera underexposes
Flimsy antenna.
No off/on button
Bad signal reception!!!
a little pricey, heavy
battery life.  difficulty focusing, size.
no USB port (only serial) for downloads
Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder
No vibrate only, difficult to open, FRAGILE
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
Slightly bulky, lens cover slide, battery life, odd controls
Reliability?
could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few bells   whistles
Autofocus Time, Lens Cap
a little pricey
Bulky for taking "casual" photos
Handle Height Not Adjustable
Little built in memory, short range
closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
The antenna..what's up with this antenna? Blue lettering
No USB.
Neck strap (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
A little bulky
no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
small basket, no leg room in rear
None
difficult to flip phone with one hand, pricey
3rd party designer keypads prone to wear
Limited ring tone selection.
Drains batteries quickly.
Case very fragile, get a leather case,
Not the greatest connection
Bulky, Menu layout
No normal ring tones, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards kids/teens
Slow and awkward menu system. Not always easy to find your way around its features.
Ergonomics are not in my taste, but better than some others
Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
Poor user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
Where's the software?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
Picture quality
Kept falling out of my pocket, can get scratched.
must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
print quality poor, paper misaligns, print cartridges plug up
none
Expensive of course
NONE!!!
Processor is underpowered. Short battery life.
Price tag
"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
nothing at all!!!!!!!
Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
None are significant. Sticky camera mode dial. Focus could be better.
none
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Battery life is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
Price
not as flashy as some others
low build/design quality
Set up is horrible, try to take in more than 1 sheet at a time
Phone only offered by GSM carriers with poor reception/coverage
Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
Viewfinder impossible to use outside with sun glasses, and difficult without them
125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
None
Has a few flaws (see review)
low battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
Cheaply made; rather fragile; could break easily if dropped often or stepped on;
Warranty turnaround time
Eats Batteries
only black and white, fairly big
Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera shake
Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
Not too great detail, not too durable.
The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
Doesn't work
Only one game
cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
my item arrived damaged the first time
bad reception
slow picture taking, slow write time
on off button hard 2 press, battery does not last extremely long
No stand-alone fax capability
Megapixel amp;#13; amp;#10;memory amp;#13; amp;#10;
Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
Slow and worthless
Phone
Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste
Not Perfect Quality
Still very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" base camera.
A bit bulky and heavy
Phantom messages. Uncomfortable over time
none as of yet
AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
none compared to other digicams
none so far
Nothing I can't live without.
HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt support free or cheap WAP
no optical zoom  amp;amp; low battery life
RECEPTION!
Weak Flash, 2x zoom. amp;#13; amp;#10;Picture quality below nikon 950 amp;#13; amp;#10;expensive and weak rechargeable battery
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
No Vibrate
poor standard battery life
Little slow.
2x zoom, expensive, a bit slow
A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
Bulky Size
flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't take picture right away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
The worst investment ever!Where do I start? The infamous auto-feeder problem.
Exposed LCD Screen.
Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off switch
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
Not too good at closeups of flowers.
Battery life, cuts in and out, key placement makes dialing difficult
firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
uses a lot of expensive ink
Never seems to work like it should
Slightly larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera phone.
Flimsy antenna which has already broken on mine!
none really
Weak battery life, no external flash
Speaker too quiet, too easy to accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
EXPENSIVE!
Low megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
$30-35 ink cartridges
durability, coverage area
Only 16 MB C amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
shutter lag.
Not compatible with Mac.
Picture quality, no fill flash setting
printer extremely slow with Windows 98
No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
Haven't found one yet!
Original Memory Card to small
can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
Nothing!
No USB connectivity
battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
expensive
Preview display uses a lot of battery power
Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
No case, no lens cover
Everything else
Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
Not good for printing envelopes
Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
weight is a problem,heavier than others
Heavy processor usage
resolution
Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
Mind-bendingly expensive, for the obsessed only.
Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
Not a clam shell - no wow! factor.
battery life, pain to unlock when someone's calling, 9 rings-no vibrate or games!!
poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
Charging constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
none
Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
Front tray scratches floor.
Small memory card!
Bulky, Fast Battery
Battery life, picture construction.
Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
Will let you know how patient you aren't
The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
Noisy, Quality isn't as good
ink cartridges are pricey
Scratches easily.
It is a battery eating machine!
Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
Very little memory for image files.
Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna breaks easily
slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
Pricey.
A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
Short Battery Life
may be too small or light for those who lose things easily
Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in low light, bundled software isn't great.
crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
warmup takes longer than the  amp;quot;ready amp;quot; light indicates
short battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
When it stops working, Olympus repair policy is evil.
VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
Limited battery life, hard to program
Pea soup green LCD,
uses a lot of batteries
must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
high ink costs, poor print quality
Flash relatively useless, amp;#13; amp;#10;Slow focusing, amp;#13; amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
EVERYTHING
Manual is sorely lacking of details
Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
Doesn't connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
proprietal hands-free jack
not good for one person use
Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
Color printing is not top quality, but what did you expect in this price range?
digital zoom, memory cost
Slippy.Does Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim Mobile Phone" ?
Unusually large size
Eats batteries.
Quality up to par?
Not very many ringers.
The only con is that they did not come out with this phone sooner.
can't print, lousy support, bad communications, never again
Sprint PCS, issues with photos from PC (minor problems)
Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
MPG compression a little cheesy
bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
Horrible quality phone.
Unacceptable black text.
Poor battery life
A few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS Text messaging
Poor battery life.
New look, old technology
No manual mode, eats batteries and have to remove to charge, poor resolution LCD
picture quality
INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is fine though).
flimsy antenna
Mine was unstable, very basic phone.
- Some smaller issues such as better phonebook management.
poor battery life,no download ringtones, games, flimsy flip part
No wap :(
Some controls may be tricky for some people to use. Battery indicator is poor.
Funky overly-long process before it starts to print EATS EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
- none
large, heavy, no color screen
Limited zoom, has a learning curve
Big, slow menus. Hard to find on the market.
Best deal in it's price range
Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops calls often,LOTS OF STATIC
reception not very good, low battery life
Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
None.
only 2x zoom, battery life short
none that I can think of
no storage
Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
too bulky and heavy
got this phone w/o realizing the i58 (newer) model has gps technology. but big deal.
3 megapixels still won't make a great 8x10, despite the hype
Too many pay to use-features, probably big and bulky for most users.
Eats batteries like they are candy!!
NONE
Slow reaction. No polyphonic ring tone
Flip-style is a bit more complicated than necessary?
Buttons unresponsive.
Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
phone can be complicated at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
Macro abilities could be better
noisy fan, poor glossy pics
A Little Pricey For Many.
Diopter could use a wider range of adjustment.
Would not be good for production printing
slow printing
unusable in low signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
No USB out-of-the-box, bulky weight, eats batteries
no case included, a little pricey but worth it
The menu system is awful!
Can only hold so many options, the software is lacking in options
not a con with the camera itself, but wondering how printed pics hold up over the years
Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
Need I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
No lens cover
Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
Battery life
battery life
Small wheels and not very durable
quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
Weak flash
Talk and ringer volume not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
Accessories and phone are somewhat spendy.
No case or lens cap holder.
Left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
a little bulky
Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
screen, keyboard and phone don't always work; crashes all the time.
Big Camera.
cost and a bit bulky
Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
Battery charge life, no case
The price is high as compared to other mobiles.
Weak battery. Touch pad has small keys in an odd pattern. Phone locks up often.
Vibrate is too weak.
needs vibrating ring mode
Eats batteries
Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
none
Only produces black/white print jobs  amp;amp; scan images
Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
short battery life, nothing fancy here, no vibrating feature
Difficult to use
NO HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
Games, you can only personalize ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
noisy, bad reception
Ink cartridges a little pricey.
uses a lot of batteries
Incompatibility with Windows NT
Can't think of any.
Scarce, hard to get.
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
reception fuzzy at times goes in and out!
Not economical on ink, far from true screen color.
Does not include charging stand, can not hear yourself when talking.
No AC adapter is Supplied.  amp;#13; amp;#10;price
Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
none
size?, not as solid feeling as S and G lines.
Little higher price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
worst user interface of any phone I have ever used
-Heavier than new Nokia counterparts
It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
not able to configure as advertised
i cant think of any
Color results best on special paper
Chair back takes practice and storage area too small.
Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
Have to use heavy paper....
Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
There is not much difference between draft and high quality for printing.
have not found any yet
completing functions my be cumbersome
Some design flaws, misc semi-common problems
not as ergonomic as it could be
HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
Everything, breaks often!
USB cable does not come with it.
noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
Slow for high volume work
Only one cartridge
No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
batteries, slow uploading
oh, the camera strap can get twisted
Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
High Cost Catridges
Not a thing.
Too small for some.
Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, screen breaks and blacks out.
None that I've found
red eye, only 4mb supplied
doesn't come with adapter
Eats batteries up
Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
Expensive, large!
rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options
Tricky to fold and latch, cost
battery
Somewhat noisy, high cost of printing
Printer cartrige cost.
badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software unorganized, low battery life
no cables included, expensive  amp;#13; amp;#10;Recommended: Yes
RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
Small, No Drivers Included with Phone for Laptops/PDAS
NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
eats batteries
None, really.
Not good quality phone.
Battery usage; included software could be improved; included 16MB is stingy.
Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
Basic model missing many features I want.
ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery life
No bluetooth, no camera, not enough memory, short headset cable
Does not take add on lenses or filters
N/A
only can save 5-7 photos per disc
Slow, Ink runs out fast
SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
Takes too long to go into preview mode.  Broke on me after 3 weeks.
Slow print speed,no borderless print
Ringer not loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
Batteries don't last too long
Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
Pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
Very low end
Cingular software.  Small navigation keys.
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
None so far
price
no video capabilities - price decreases rapidly
Refer review body.
What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
Terrible manual, side buttons too easy to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
Software runs kind-of-slow sometimes. Not true 48 bit scanning.
a little heavy compared to a regular camera
Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing,
Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
Larger than my last
Physically larger   heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
The circular keypad is a little ... different.
Short battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drops, RF interference with other electronics.
Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm screen (160x160)
Battery life, delayed response while taking a snapshot, no accessories included
Keypad a little hard to use keys are close together.
Loud
Small Standard Memory
expensive, itty-bitty basket
The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
tough to line up shots
computer chipped cartridges, can't easily use CIS system, ink relatively expensive
red-eye
No memory upgrade or color LCD display.
None!
lens, software that is included
Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
must have better software then  supplied
Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
None encountered
I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
worthless
Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera phone
battery meter, buttons, font
WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
none
Pricey
No paper tray
goes through the battery's
expensive consumables, like most inkjets
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Bad design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
Battery life when using LCD, no zoom
Battery life is very limited
phone display freezes and goes blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
heavy - awkward to fold up and basket hard to access.
Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
Slipping H.P. support.  Poor envelope handling.
Lag time in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
awkward size, slow printing, poor paper handling
no gadgets or geegaws
High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
complicated menus.  Construction could have been better.
Speakerphone really sucks! Would not buy again no headset plug
Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos!
power drain, no usb port cover, 4MB smart media card,
Wish more user information was in the manual.
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
Poor photo  amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
Not very small, looks too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
None!
Ink Cartridge Price.
poor quality
Stuck on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
Probably not for photos; loud.
Battery Consumption
child in the front seat will grow out of it fast.
the interchangeable faceplates can be addicting..we are always shopping for more!!
Haven't experienced any
Have to switch ink cartridges
none
jamming, toner smears
A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
sound and battery
imaging screen that is hard to view in bright light
battery
Havent had any
Joystick Breaks
Expensive cartridges, lousy printing
Two second wait before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
Not the fastest.But thats all.
Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
Much larger than newer versions on the market.
the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
cost
Low Ringtone
Goofs up on lighting occasionally
Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset port
You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
Bad Flash
Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.
No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
I didn't find any.
Red-eye issues; more zoom would be nice.
Colour, On/Off button
Battery life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
Old.
weird sounds when printing
Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
flimsiness
reception, crashes
I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything.
The price of $179!
It broke and I don't know why
Expensive
It eats batteries!!!
Either/Or ink cartridge system
Buy your own cable
Battery life
Ugly interface for the radio and MP3 #13; #10;Really uncomfortable MP3 loading software #13; #10;Flimsy headphones
Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
No zoom
For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
Poor macro shots, a bit bulky
A little large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available new
I have yet to find one.
Hard on batteries, difficult to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
Color good, but not not as good as you may need
Swapping cartridges, colour only adequate, media expensive
Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
Small, will someone make a belt clip that works please?
Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
No Voice Dialing, Cannot play "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
Ink cartridges are expensive and run out quickly
Volume button on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
Nne
Can break if misused a lot.
eats batteries
Auto Focus problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode.
Too many to mention
Slightly bulky; no USB cord
Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
None (see review)
low image quality, can be flimsy
Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
Paper Tray
Bit noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
battery is very bad, keys are bad cause you always are making mistakes
Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'goodbye' message when shutting off phone.
Small buttons, big thumbs.
Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark environments.
Too big. Ear phone detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
Pricey, comes only with 8MB flash, no case or AC adapter
Kind of loud. Large foot print.
none.
No cable included, expensive to replace ink
BATTERY..... need I say more?
small buttons, shorter battery life than most, small
The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
A few fairly minor hiccups
Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
Poor quality overall, ringtone volume
Doesn't remember flash setting
Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
buy a battery for every photo you plan on taking, don't plan on the photos being very good
cheap built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
Very large camera, heavy.
Very simple, not up to date.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
Quite heavy, slow startup time.
No macro mode
Its a piece of crap
Decent print quality
Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
A little difficult to assemble
ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
Got big hands?
Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
reliability, bulky
Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
Definitely not for taking actions shots.
None!
A little heavy...but not a huge con!
Car seat awkward to carry
some audio distortion
Rather Large Antenna, Quirky Motorola V Series User Interface and menus.
loads of red eye, marginal picts in low light
iternal antenae is not very good
Freezes up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or requires a reboot and shutdown)
Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
Poorly designed software
Battery life is very low
Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
look at the HP 880/882 also great
Not able to password lock phone.
SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
Fragile, lacks expansion slots, inferior case options
Small size not good for rural areas
Periodic paper jams, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racket when printing.
power cord connection not secure
I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
smaller, not a lot to grip
size, dropped calls, volume, menus and phonebook
A bit bulky
Bundled software poor
Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
Somewhat flimsy, no flash memory, media more difficult to acquire.
I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
Design could be better, not many optional accessories such as lens add-on,
none
None
OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
n/a
Ink cartridges are expensive
Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
Price ($100), additional for case, voice activation features not practical
price can be high
some problems with scanning amp;#13; amp;#10;
Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
good-bye photo albums, hello computer albums!
a little pricey
Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
ink cartridges run out rather quickly, not as fast as commercial printers
Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
Hard to find a cover. All the covers are a snap on plastic.
paper jams
bigger than a credit card
Top quality = top price
A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
The Flip loosens with time
Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
can have problems
A little bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand grip.
NONE
Noise, noise, noise
A Little Slow But You Get Use To It.
slow, many little problems
Keeps breaking.
Phone shuts off when it wants to.  Battery life diminishes.
It ain't a $1600 Olympus!
Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
the phone itself
Have not found one yet
High cost, comparatively low battery life
Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
Does not fold very compact.
Too much money
Takes forever, paper loading sucks
not for people with bigger fingers
Gets Hot When Talking on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
annoying Setup, Blotchy Black
non downloadable tones and no Internet
TOO BIG, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
Not high quality
does not pick up in some places
None
fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
nothing out of the ordinary
Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
Battery life, limited flash ability.
eats double AA  batteries quick
Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
None
manual, lack of games, lame wallpaper
will be half the price in a year most likely
Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
Included software poor.
Fairly noisy
Quality Problems, My first two were defective. Vague User Guide, Pricey
breaks down, changes functions mysteriously
Picture quality is not always good, batteries don't last long
everithing! this phone is just a lost of money
Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no flash.
too big for jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
Continues to break down
Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported potential to clog heads.
Noisy. Slow. Expensive to run. Software problems galore.
Outrageous Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
Crashes, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
plastic, alkaline battery life
Basket is a little small
a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
...too bad the ink cartridges don't follow the printer's price mode.
Carrying case not included
Awkward user interface (poor arrangement, too many features), phone goes "off-line" when camera is active
The maps do not exist!It needs meny reboots.
it broke on the first accidental drop
not compatible with mainstream nokia accessories
no optical zoom, eats batteries like mad when viewing with LCD screen
antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
Large and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't too great.
a little slow with the  amp;quot;best amp;quot; option
Semi-slow printing
Limited Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
not very loud speaker in outdoor situations
price, short canopy, handles
Ink runs out quickly
Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone book
Listed in the review.
none
Hangs up system when using Windows 98
When your phone goes dead you need to get a new number.
Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
Image quality, camera size.
Phones freezes for minutes.  NO blue tooth
chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
Cingular could never make it work dependably to receive
NONE
Speed, print quality.
Burns batteries like the sun...
Photos are a little grainy
Lack of zoom capability
Large (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
Supplies can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
Defaults to color for copying
A little too big
Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
won't always print multiple copies
low black resolution
Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
Slower than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crisp.
No A/C Adapter
slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
Digital zoom isn't great
Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
expensive, brake hard to set
No big frills, not completely user friendly
eats batteries.
Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
Difficult getting microdive/compact flash out of camera
expensive, lacking all the cutesy gadgets others have
Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring tones
Durability
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Flimsy, Buggy, Poor Performance
You pay for the size.
Standby reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where service EXISTS.
Some minor flaws, but nothing major
No negative factors to report.
Multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small for the large handed
Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
Needs batteries alot!
Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
Battery hog
sometimes jams paper up
trouble feeding paper
Something is up with the batteries?
heavy, handle can be awkward
Flimsy Construction, Poor Battery Life, Everything!
drinks ink fast, many undocumented features
Price, Cost of Sprint Service
Can not create TIFF files
Short Battery life
due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
SLOW shutter speed and no zoom.
Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
Photo print quality, cartridge life
Sound quality.
Have not found any yet.
Marginal receiver tone quality; "power" button in awkward location
Non-upgradeable, lack of space
Bulkly, Heavy, amp; Costly.
Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
Sprint PCS customer service is slow.  Lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
Poor battery life, reception could be better
It's a little large, won't fit in your pocket or purse.
Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
short battery life, incompatable headset jack
Black ink that smears.
Batteries drain fast, plan ahead
short  battery  life with  original  battery, and  slightly weak  reception.
Can not be used on any windows program but windows 98.
None .
can be intimidating
I have yet to find and cons
Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
Makes noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
You can really tell when the cartredge is going
Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality and terrible price.
None
wrong software
Hard Software Installation, Extra Care Required
3 wheels are better than 4
too many too list...
Small Standard Memory Stick
falsely advertised -- printer is not compatible with MS Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
isn't tightly integrated
Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental calls
Heavy, Digital Camera quality not as expected
Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to hold
spendy, but worth it
A little on the heavy side
Bad print quality, jams, poor service
expensive
Application Limited
having to leave it on continuously, slow printing
Understating the User Guide
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
Poorly Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
It doesn't have enough features
cost, tiny basket
difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
Standard batteries are a little short on life.
Bulky, Floppys don't hold much
Bad signal.
No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
the price
no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
A little weak in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to use
The 5100 series faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
can drop it 4 feet and it still works
Finding toner cartridges
Don't know of any
Pricey, but coming down
No IR ports
Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
Rather expensive
Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
Design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick.
Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
Finger prints
Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should I say
not designed for young children, expensive
not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
Very, Very short battery life
terrible quality
It's a bit pricey, but well worth every penny
very short battery life
Antennas break easily, not E911-capable, hard to find a carrier for it.
Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain lighting conditions.
Doesn't work well in the grocery store or large superstores
technology and media all proprietary, expensive
Issues with usage
where should I start?
lame-o drivers
A little waste electricity.
I wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
Should come with a larger memory card.
Small display and buttons
it could have had a little better resolution
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
no zoom
Lens cover is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD screen
Ink is in one cartridge and cost 29 - 35 dollars each.
Constant paper jams, poor quality, and noisy
Flimsy Antenna
Need extra tool for fast image transfer
No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
carrying clip
Not particularly user-friendly
scanning is near impossible
some extra papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding paper (minor)
Antenna -- just leave it down.
Nothing, except people annoying you asking  amp;quot;What is that amp;quot;
haven't found one yet
Exit Paper Tray
no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
kinda bulky
None
still searchin...
Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
USB connection to camera, digital zoom
WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
Expensive, buggy, no SDIO slot
Cant Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
Nothing that matters! Audio quality not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and image quality
Poor interface, poor repairs
No USB port, lightweight construction
Breaks
Too many choice for photo quality
Slow downloading
Cheap construction, awful battery life, poor connections
No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No cover, Battery consumption is high
Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
Ring volume, occasionally reboot necessary
Modest resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signal
Purchase case separately
Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
None
gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
Needs day light when used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
See Review Above
Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi truck does gasoline
No zoom lens
No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
I do not like the single tank for my color ink. I like the individual colors like the Cannon has.The ink last longer when you have individual colors to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
could use more memory capacity
strong and reliable
Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
no major flaws
XD memory card, a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
Cartridge Cost
bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
Menus could be more intuitive and no so deep
standard configuration is kind of shy on memory
Flimsy output tray, printheads
Not good to look at
Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
$599 MSRP.
price of ink; general print-quality
Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
reception is not always great, hard to hear inside w/ background noise
Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, overly complicated
Too little space to answer
none
Price, Color, PC Cable sold separately,
Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
Not fast, not particularly cheap to run
Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
Not the smallest available anymore
Too heavy, somewhat flimsy
No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
Phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not functional.
Sprintpcs upload procedures, there is a way around!
Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
slow reaction speed
slow photo processing
Annoying "talking" software. A little noisy.
No AC adapter, cannot make movies, pictures taken indoors are poorer quality than outdoor ones
No viewfinder, expensive
weak belt clip, heavy
Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
None so far
None.
Low light capability
Impossible to install, impossible to print
It won't dust itself!
Not for all uses
Leather case design and poor of hands free ear attachment
Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child.
No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480
Cost of Ink, Weight
Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting to use it!
Navigation can take some getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
Flip part does not cover screen, wireless web
Small memory card and no USB connectivity
Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
$$$
Ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
Dropped calls, phone shuts off for no reason
None at all
price, not triband, GSM network coverage
Cost
kind of "huge" comparing to today's cell phones
Sometimes loses connection in weak coverage areas
Stroller folds up funny
Poor flash. VERY slow auto focus., grainy viewfinder.
Unforgiving flash
No paper manual for reference
Easily damaged if dropped
Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
Doesn't include a USB cable, printer is very light in comparison to print head
Heavy, bulky, purple fringing, not consumer friendly
Few Rings, Weak Battery Life
Only 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some controls too small to be easily used
Menus are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be confusing.
Problems with memory card...TWICE!
hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
Very little storage comes with camera
Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
Horrible build quality and charging problems
Really bad scanner and awkward software
heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
Short battery life, user un-friendly
Difficult to cradle on shoulder
Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
Had to purchase extras
Not very rugged, battery life could be better, extended battery makes unit very thick.
paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality
A bit noisy
Vibrating battery must be purchased seperately
Eats Batteries
None
No analog Roaming
No snooze on Alarm clock, bad reception
Too many to list!!!
Battery life and buttons maybe small for bigger fingers.
Ericsson no longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
Battery use  amp;amp; Mac compatability
NEC Support sucks
As with all inkjets, expensive cartridges.  It is loud
A little pricey!
Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily broken!
prints slow when reslution is set high
The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
Colors are dull, not much manual control
Battery Charge Indicator declines unevenly; Price is higher than other cell phones
uses ink too quickly, ink is expensive
Expensive Cartridges
Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
short battery life, just okay reception
Hard to remove side panel
Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
Tone control buttons on side, bad location.
still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
none
May be difficult to learn for some users, durability stinks
Durability, Sound quality
Poor download time
None
expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making sounds)
Only medium quality, and sometimes mismatches colors (usually only if ink cartridges are low).
envelopes a bit tricky  amp;amp; slower
Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with carrying case
Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
I haven't found one yet
feature, sliding buttons,
Call Quality poor at times.
takes some experimenting with features
Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
None
Frequent jams, frequent error messages, broke after a year.
Speed
lt;b gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE lt;/b gt;
Couldn't ever get the red out, tech support was clueless.
Not for those seeking photo-quality
Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
Power adapter overly expensive
Reliability!
not very many
Sometimes not reliable.
Text output not exceptional or fast, Mac driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
Options are $$$$$$$
price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
None for me
Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries.
Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations,
Just prints b amp;w, toners are costly
Defective parts.
Antenna should be sturdier.
Ringer too soft, vibrate too low, some annoying design features
phone can short out, battery life, kind of bulky
Heats up after about 15 minutes talk time.
Very high consumables cost, poor handling of envelopes
Battery life can be unpredictable
print limits to 8x10 or smaller
It is not as user friendly as other phones I have used.
Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
Short battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
small screen, low battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
Phone shuts itself off all the time   power button is hard to operate
no downloadable ringtones or graphics, no internet option, no changable faceplates
Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
none
Have not found one yet
May need accessories, camera starting to show age
Battery life, short circuit problem?
Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
Not real good at quick shots.
Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
No optical zoom, MPEG Movie feature worthless
Rebate program is a FRAUD!!!
Phone heats up after long usage.
Extremely easy to damage, Canon customer support is terrible
Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
Lame ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
Battery Life, Expensive Add-ons
Lens cover is plastic, Software is confusing
Full-figured.  Expensive.
no color
horrible...slow...and defective
Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
keypad keys are small
It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
Poor reception. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
Signal Strength, Keypad too small for some
no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
only black and white, few paper problems
low resolution compared to newer cameras, bulky
Battery Life, Battery Type
Wish it was a little smaller
extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
No zoom
underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
Battery consumption is bad
No optical Zoom
bad outgoing voice quality, OS actually crashed on me once
Not many features, Camera is not that great.
Not a beginner's camera
image quality
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
See A Few Concerns ,
Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
rebate offer
Will never buy another nokia
Confusing array of models
a lot, see my comments
--------
Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
Ink cartridges don't last long...expensive!
None
if using for several hours in a row, it tends to get a bit hot.
Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
no battery life;bad signal
lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
Size - but it is easy to get used to
no cable included, not meant for photo quality printing
Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
no USB, minor issue
Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
Rotten customer service, no toll-free tech support  amp;amp; outrageously expensive ink cartridges.
everything
I wish there were more normal ringers!
durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
ink vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
Lacks dedicated mail button, some features are buried,
8x10 printed slooooooow
BIG machine amp;#13; amp;#10;A little noisy... amp;#13; amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
none
Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
16 MB card
Battery life is on the weak side.  No date on the display, lots of toggling.
A little costlyly, but not bad realitive to quality.
Hard to read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor 13secs+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
a little big for limited desk space
a little high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
No data cable for it, so getting ring tones into it costs you minutes.
Slower and more expensive than 952C.
Antenna breaks often if you put it in your pocket.
Shakes like a crackhead wih no money!
Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
Hard to install
I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
a bit overwhelming for people who haven't had a cell phone before
breaking antenna, bad reception
no optical view finder
I don't feel that there are any cons about this stroller.
Lacks flexibility for a real pro
32.00 for an an ink cartridge
none
Lots of technical glitches
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Battery life is too short.  AC adapter is hard to find.
So-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more frequent when battery is low.
Noticibly a Nextel Phone
Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
can't think of any
Poor battery life, limited accessories.
Best phone yet.
More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same features, moves a lot and loud paper loading
does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
None
Speed Dial can only have 8 phone numbers
Reception, small non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
The strap is made for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
Slower than expected printing
Bundled software not user friendly
Lasted barely a year.
Nothing as of yet
Folding can be tricky, not great for taller child.
Expensive, no voice-dial
Too many problems to deal with
A ZILLION technical bugs that were never worked out on this model phone!
No color.
Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
Motorola user interface requires too many prompts to complete a task.
only 2X Zoom, expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
Bad reception in dorm buildings, Size could be smaller
small screen for mobile web
short battery life
Poor reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
not always portrait quality (but close)
Service reeks.
No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
picture quality
Bulky and sometimes awkward to carry
photograph printing not great
Silver buttons do not light up. Blue button lights would looks better than green also.
None!
Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
could be clearer
.....
none
Printer drivers are a joke.
Screen is a bit dark, but not a real problem for me..
weird charging issue
Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
Battery life, Flimsy Antenna
signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
Buggy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to power off while in pocket
Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
Buggy software and manual, no GPS or time/cost management capabilities
price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
Somewhat noisy
Delayed Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
Needs expensive paper
Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
Pricey and a measly storage basket.
can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
no USB port or flash memory cards
Noise  amp;amp; Size
nothing to big to mention
Lag between shots is a little slow.
bad picture quality/ battery drainage issue
Fax problem
Ink tanks don't last long
Not really compatible for underwater use
Small storage basket
only rechargable at USB base, need to buy peripherals for better overall experience
A little slow on best quality
Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
No IR capability; Data transfers are almost impossible.
Poor picture quality, large and bulky camera, disposes of batteries in a flash
Power system, weird feel
sound volume
accessories pricey
Battery life not great if you use the phone much.
Lousy service.
Phone software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
fragile, weak, useless
Very red backgrounds indoors, poor customer service
-
Major software problems, retrieving stored numbers, clarity,
high price
Switching between USB and Parallel ports requires a power cycle.
whoa there on that ink
no calculator, no games
not exceptional in any way
Nothing.
No case or lenscap teather.
Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
not the best hardware
None
Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
None
Cheap
slow uploading with standard serial port
Refills.
Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps resetting
battery recharge time
Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
The battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
battery life is low if you plan to use the display instead of viewfinder
expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
Can't work on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
The screen is not easy to read in direct sunlight.
Slightly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
Slower, noisy, expensive.
Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
none yet
No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
lens cover interferes with lens when closing, serial interface is slow, slow screen updates
No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, hard to figure out
read below
Just a couple of minor quirks
bad images quality
various
Monochrome display, weak backlighting,
drops calls, bad reception, ringer not loud enough
Window on top of canopy is smaller makes it harder to see child
Battery door latches break.
Easy To use , and Elegant black
Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
None, I love this camera
No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
nothing so far
Call quality very poor. SLOW! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
Known glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
Voice commands, interface speed
Must lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off while in your pocket, receives calls without ringing.
THERE ARE NONE!
nothing yet.
BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
Price
can't seem to change the color....
Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
sucks power, flash not to good
Spring wears out and dust behind the lcd.
bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
Unreliable USB interface.
None
Slow
missing some features
Paper jams; pricey
Slow
Needs adapter for USB,
not enough interchangeable face plates
Pics take up a lot of memory
The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
High in price
user manual
toner is expensive to replace
The Red-Eye Flash mode, delays about 2 seconds before snapping the picture.
none
Not the best reception, poor build quality (speaker stopped working, phone stopped working)
basket a bit small, price a bit high
Menu's a bit confusing
None for the "average" user
Eats batteries up so fast that they must be removed after use!
Irritating ringers, menu system a little wierd
Complicated settings and long downloads
Software included with camera not too great.
Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not loud enough
no basket storage
Refills are expensive
clunky compared to newer phones, can short circuit in heavy rain
Paper loads in the back (not good in small spaces)
No color screen.
None significant
buttons are awkward at first, no web access
Flimsy construction. Little overall compression strength.
Too basic, Movie Mode too small
picture quality,battery life,bad games
nearly drove me crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
A bit large compared to many new phones, and needs a way to synch phone numbers with an external device.
front seat does not recline, expensive
Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog roam.
bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", no battery indicator
Their service is almost non-existent
Battery Life
Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
Ugly flimsy feeling body; serial port transfer rates
Poor battery life
Lame games!!!! but easily over looked
The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
buttons get stuck under face plate
Low quality service, pictures, software, and warranty
Expensive ink cartridges.
Size, Noise
Poor battery life.
Picture quality when on paper.
Horrible interface
Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
a little pricey for home use
Not Web enabled, Battery tricky to remove, Expensive
menus, lens extension/retraction time
I doesn't work after that
The $400.00 cost will turn a lot of people off to this phone.
Slow, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't last long
Card Reader
2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B amp;amp;W
Battery meter; some slow inputs
Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
Battery life is average, low-resolution camera
no external battery charger
If only I had done some research on digital cams
No WAP, high price.
flip is a little loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little slow menus
Display is next to impossible to see in daylight,no way to increase brightness.
Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
Display malfunction issues!!
no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
Cheap Printer
slow shutter release response
User manual,software kind of plain.
3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
My children don't like to stand when the front seat is reclined
Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
Short focal length lens Flash on the weak side
leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
doesnt get a very strong signal when travelling
Reception, battery life, volume, screen quality
Must remember to pop up flash!
expensive in reality
doesn't get have good singal strenght.
None
Very dim LCD, hard-to-use top control, bulky
Wireless web button is easy to bump
Size
none
Web feature not usable at this point #13; #10;keypad not protected = calls from pocket #13; #10;
grainy pictures , frustrating .....
None I can think of..
No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
Expensive to operate, slow, some reliability issues
pricier than some, limited patterns available
flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses
Tiny button for people with large hands
no basket
frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
Poor picture quality in low light conditions
Pros negated by the terrible sound on the receiving end of phone.  "muffled"
None that I have found
not web enabled like i need it anyway i have a pc
Relatively high cost in some places, Locked to a provider in some places, no data support
battery life a little short
A bit bulky
random paper jams
expensive ink, painfully slow
Short battery life
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
Occasional error message on screen.  Problems with machine reading that the cartridge has been replaced.
Expensive
Terrible battery life.
no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
has a software glitch in storing numbers
Case is slightly chinsey
Battery life, and nothing else!
Weak flash, no memory expansion slot, customer service
Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
BIG CON: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other Con: No "Delete All" text message ability.
Can't use Recharge Batteries amp;#13; amp;#10;Bad Battery life
batteries run low fast
No memory chip.
Small screen, hard to see screen in bright sunlight.
It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
not as fast as some others
Expensive, but not compared to others in category
brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
The antenna is not durable. Motorola is not easy to deal with regarding repairs.
none
Big noises, software crashes
Not dummy proof... well, not for me at least
none
none
screen too small
Speed
Expensive cartridges, one cartridge, slow.
Horrible envelope printing and 4x6 photo paper printing.  Toll number for support, and poor customer care services.
None of it works reliably!
Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
None worth mentioning
HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text messaging
low resolution
Break down is a little awkward.
Paper Jams, Very Expensive ink, Very Slow, So-So print quality, Not very reliable.
With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks to easily!
None
A bit slow in color mode
N/A
Bad service
Sucks up the batteries.  Flash doesn't automatically pop up if needed.
drivers, ink quality
reception, key design? motorola's customer care
tries to connect to the internet when not sure which menus do what
None for me
paper jams constantly
Ink cost
Scratches easily, roams easily
Could use more memory for JAVA apps. Only 3 minutes for Voice recording.
Can't ring   vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
Not may official  Nokia faceplate options
in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5 amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
No detachable battery, Small on/off switch
NOT THE GREATEST RESOLUTION, LIMITED STORAGE
Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
batteries...
Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
ink refills a little pricey
Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
screen wearing out, scuff marks from flip, a bit expensive
musical rings not loud enough
size
poor reception, many disconnected calls
pricey, small basket
1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many newer Nokia phones available
Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
Feature overload
Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
No possibility of custom faceplate options   limited accessories.
I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
Holding was awkward at first, not anymore
Analog, Calendar size, call timer goes away when you press a number #13; #10; #13; #10;
Weak flash
a little noisy, small inkjet cartridges
Low battery life, only single band, not in color
Voice Feature Glitches
Slow
Uses up the batteries quickly
limited space,bulky
It's not supposed to be a shredder
Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
none
Doesn't take good clear pictures, eats batteries, viewfinder is worthless.
wiggly frame, hard to turn
Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
No such thing with this camera!
Too small for big hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
Everything else
no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
Expensive!!!
xp issues - ineffective fixes - just about returned the printer. (happy now)
Backlight needs manual on control
Battery life, no aftermarket car charger will work
A little large, but still better than carrying two devices
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
The battery in this phone is very weak, and dies quickly.
Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
manufacturing problem
Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
discontinued
Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
Glossy paper for any printer can be expensive.
Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
Flip up flash and lens cover
too many to list here....
None that I have encountered
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months.,
no lens cap
Basic menus, no color, may be expensive without cell plan.
Really none, when you look at the results
Antenna, not many options, text messaging
no sound with mpeg movie mode
Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera.
Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long,
Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
Positioning of the volume and mic trigger on the outside of the phone. Belt clip.
Keypad
Not much of a zoom
Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
Price and memory card - 8mb
BIG, not user friendly
Everything
Only 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
Storage time on the microdrive
small memory card
point and shoot only
Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
Battery life, no optical zoom
Flash is a bit weak.
none
Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice commands, no full color? =)
quality of the picture, size
The ring is not loud enough.
Phone is constructed very poorly.
Not much in this category....price for some.
none
accessories are hard to find.
none
Battery life, Phone book difficult to quickly navigate
Higher cost.
Don't buy it if you own a Mac
repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
Envelopes tend to stick.
not one bad thing about it.
Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
Big, slow, expensive
Poor phone/PDA integration
Speakerphone while on calls.
EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, large
A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
short battery life
A little on the high side
can't charge battery while camara is on
LCD screen doesn't tilt
not so quite cheaply,
Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
Eats up batteries
PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
None so far.
No Flash, Focusing could be better.
4x6 photos only print well on canon paper which is pricey.
Small Ink Cartridge
Heavy on right side because of the batteries, have to look for off/on button
Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
Text disappointing, high ink consumption
Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
Slow at times
Then it died!,
The car seat is very small my son grew out of it in four months.
Sony site support is complicated and it lacks a rotating screen
Unable to print on goldenrod color paper!
It is expensive to do a lot of printing!
could be faster
Takes a little too long to take picture.
vibrating ringer is somewhat "weak"
not reliable, heat  amp; x-ray sensitive
Slow menu loading, colors were very basic
camera color fades
Terrible, distorted sound quality on some handsets
Not extremely fast
Housing feels "loose", cant change caller group graphic
Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer support
expensive, made in China, questionable quality of materials
poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
can't get quality enlargements from and awesome picture
no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
NONE
battery life, phone inserts(i can't find any)
dropped calls, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
No games
Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of excuses
Not the best HP Product!
poor, poor reliability
flash not great
Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock never works
Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
Skimpy on features other phones have. #13; #10;- Difficult to navigate phone without learning the "shortcuts"
Splash some water on it, it dies.
Really need to buy the ac adapter.
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
bulky and hard to maneuver when closed
Dust under screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
cost of replacement ink cartridge
Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
no games
smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
slow to record
Battery Life, Low rings, and a lot more things...
Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
off center printing on some things
Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
Only compatible with Canon papers
Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
None
Battery drain
Spendy, Balance and Design Issues
None that I can find.      :-)
Not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
A little slow, but it doesn't matter
NONE
Gets scratched very easily
Small keys
Paper Jam, high defective rate
Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not as good as current phones.
clarity (you can never use it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in general
Uses batteries fast.  Doesn't come with AC adapter.
No colour screen, slightly larger than most phones now
Balance problem and it's hard to put away
I did not like how heavy and big the phone is.
Small size cuts both ways-- hard to handle and dial.
Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
Forever to boot., Separate ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
For the price of the product, none.
Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera performance indoors
poor macro, small feature set
Fragile Internals
No USB cable included, other minor.
Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
The i1000 model is a little complicated
Short-lived since it only lasted one year, two months.
Photos, Color is dull, Black ink isn't as black as HP's
Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new Ringtones
not at this price
expensive
Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit too delicate
Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
Too many to list with 15 words.
They could have made the thing faster.
Load paper feed
nothing really, no web browser, battery
The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
no voice calling, no profiles
none
Not a 'pub' phone.
So-so software, low resolution
Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut keys.
Battery life  amp; HP Support
unable to alphabetize phone book, not user-friendly #13; #10;
no basket
Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
Sony accessories can be pricey
Battery life could be better.  Can't Lock the phone.
Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
Slow printing process
Hard to install for Windows 98
Mind of it own
Short battery life, low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
Bulky
Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
Battery life is limited.
Size  amp; Weight
to soft on ear peice volume and small buttons
No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
Well, pretty much everything else.
flimsy, does not hold up well.
No battery strength indicator, quirky menu controller, fussy macro function, delicate LCD surface.
2X Zoom
Old base charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries still charge)
LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
Like any phone, its easy to drop.
2.5x zoom not very useful
The radiation levels exceed gov't regulations.
One fat baby, Shutter lag is long
High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
Send and End keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clip
Really requires rechargeable batteries.
Refills are very expensive
Cheap software, eats batteries, easy to accidentally turn on.
Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
EXTREMELY poor quality
Wish more user information was in the manual.
None
Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying case, bad memory indicator
Battery life maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
None
Grainy with no flash indoors
Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
...None, if you consider what it was  designed for.
It can be a bit quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
Tendency to reboot itself, awkward button locations
Battery life could be longer, delayed shooting.
None.....
nothing!
Instruction manual poor
Obscure lens, not alot control
Underwater housing does not allow full control, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
Low storage capacity and not the best quality pictures
Ack, the keypad is horrible!
Noisy, must be open in front
Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
Battery life is terrible!
Disk Storage, Picture Quality amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
expensive, eats photos
Everything from its hard instillation, too is unacceptable performance
Auto focus sometimes gets confused
It's junk.
Verizon limits the functionality.
difficult to master controls
poor reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
problems with reliable reception.
Setup was difficult.
Camera picture quality, didn't come with a belt clip
Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
Takes a long time to boot up or make a call, unimpressive signal reception
print shade
LACK SOMETHING
no usb out of the box
non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
Slow to download, no zoom or special features
haven't found any yet!
Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
Needs better quality control, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
$ bezel wear
None Known
No view screen on outside of cover. No case or holder included.
Nothing
Stupid games (who cares?),
difficult to maneuver
Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
Quiet expensive, but we love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
None yet (I'll update if I find some)
ink refills cost too much
Speaker is horrible..
Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
Slow Printing
battery life. tons of features. large size.
Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
Some might think its  quot;outdated quot; by new phones.
No vibrate mode, no way to change font, very limited feature set.
Uses lots of ink, takes a long time to start up
None found yet
small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really recline
Needs a parking break; strap between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an older childs head.
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
No Call Groups. Complex menu. Cannot download ring-tones
None yet!
Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
Expensive Ink, Low Quantity Ink Cartridges.
Cost (but not bad for what you get)
does not have high-tech features
none
1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.
BATTERY LIFE! clarity, backlight, simply outdated
none that we found
Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
Size
Text output not so good
Does not fax have fax feature, somewhat noisy, ink cartridges are pricey.
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
The connection to your mac or pc (twain)
digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
Heavy, bulky
little battery life, LCD on sun unreadable
Must keep batteries on hand
all ma friends have the same phone (individual ???)
can be a little expensive
slow shutter speed, battery life
None
Very Slow
As with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
the size but not really a big deal.
really slow and only one cartridge
lots issues with Java Script. issues with T-Mobile email system. not good for business people
Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
antenna easy to bend
eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
batter life not so great, can't store full names if too long
Only one color  #13; #10;No Speaker Phone
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Terrible in low light
Heavy, over-kill software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
short battery life
Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
Expensive
Ink is expensive
Small zoom
It has tipped over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
NONE
No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
not colour screen
Despite all the great features, this is not a phone without faults.
Never works right, slow, expensive ink cartridges
No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is Ugly.
back cover, keypads
Price, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to open
See review body for all cons
not yet
Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
Shape wants to slip out of my hands for some reason.
Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
defective parts, noisy
poor sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
Lack of accessories such as no bag for the camera and small memory card.
Slow flash recharge.
monkey's are not smart enough to use it!
The power zoom and digital viewfinder take some practice; proprietary battery
Weak Battery, Static near speakers
none known
none
None.
... Just not on a mac.
Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
switching on/off whenever it feels like
Battery life, no zoom option
dim back-light
Cuts in and out as you speak, hard to use controls
Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) card
So far, I have nothing negative to say about the phone.
Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550
rechargeable batteries sold separately
ring volume, sound quality price.
4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit.
size, volume
none
Battery Life Questionable, Limited Digital Zoom
Price ($950)
Has a mediocre vibrate function. Talk time battery life could be better.
detachable hood is a bit weird
no downloading ringtones, and no way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
not very long lasting, slow
Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not very full featured
SIZE, SHAPE,  amp; VOLUME
With the paper holder and output tray, the footprint is large
severe redeye, design flaws
useless paper trays
Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, etc etc
CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
Some internal part noise
ease of feature-use (lack thereof)
A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size setting.
wish i bought it sooner
Noisy, cartridge prices
Badly designed, ridiculous concept
The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
Need one at home
Vibrating ring requires special battery
Eh...batteries life and red eye (but read on)
could use more memory
mobile charging apparatus has to be manufacturers own
cost
Few setbacks
no WAP, no TDMA roaming, expensive
There is absolutely nothing negative to say about the DeskJet 722c.
Size
Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan  amp; sizing
a little thirsty
volume controls on side are easy to press accidentally
Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
No focus aid light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode
everything else
Common screen problem causes display cut-outs
Fragile lens cover, no AC adapter
antenna, price
not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
does not include a basket
None that I have found.
USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
Verizon Disabled Features
Could provide a bit more sharpness to images, but not really so bad.
printer refill expensive
Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, uses batteries up VERY fast.
paper jam that could not be corrected by online support
slow serial port,zoom lens, processing high resolution
Green light in viewfinder, eats AA batteries
Internal Errors
Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
flimsy lens cap,delivered with small memory card
None!
It doesn't print with quality.
inside pictures are poor quality.
Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
have not found one yet
Not sure there are any
Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
customer service
Poor Owners Manuel
A lot
A memory stick instead of a card.
Motorola has horrible/no customer service
Hard to see screen in bright light.
None
Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
miss not having a lcd viewfinder
cost, using flash makes it darker
No good ring types, occasional echo effect
Misbehaves when other peripherals plugged in USB port.
Have to buy the Mac interface separate
short battery life and red eye
only holds 20-voice activated numbers.
none
who needs all these features? haven't found the keylock yet
Not quite as fast as advertised/Uses tri-color Cartridges
Extremely slow shutter speed
Ink expensive
Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
battery power
Drains batteries quickly
Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
price
Print quality doesn't last that long.
See review body.
Battery life is only adequate
Expensive
Poor reception, limited features, and low volume
No video out, smallish vid screen
Totally unreliable :(
battery time
Absolutely awful software programing.
Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
ink tends to run
No Sony Memorystick drive. First one I bought was DOA.
Antenna
Picture taking without flash.
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
8MB card not enough, sound and quality of video recordings not good, battery life
Weird case design makes cable access difficult.
Antenna housing breaks easily, poorly designed, expensive
Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
This is a bad, bad phone and it must be stopped.
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
auto focus weak, weak flash
adapter for headphones, FM tuner doesn't work without the hands-free unit plugged in
The infamous smudge-prone case.
doesn't work somtimes
Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :),
Bad quality at night even with flash, sometimes out of focus, Bad 2X Digital Zoom
flimsy zoom-button
Battery Life, Reception outside city limits
Unnecessarily noisy at times.
- bad interface
using LCD screen drains battery
paper can have trouble keeping up
Can only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby side
awkward to hold
You need to buy extra memory; no case
Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
batteries, 8 MB memory
Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
Have to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a bit better, somewhat noisy.
Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
Horrible Batteries
Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat bed copying only.
Pricey Picture developing
Horrible black and white printing
Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
poor signals (frequently) prevent calls
no bluetooth
none
Manufacturer's Defect in Design, Flash Quality Very Poor, Only 2 Megapixels
everyone will want to steal this one from you.
No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
Exceptionally poor build quality, software failure, poor reception, slow text input, low battery life.
photo quality average (when photo blown up)
Some ergonomics/design issues
does not come with AC adapter
Buttons are too small
Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done.
Reception not that great #13; #10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy #13; #10;no WAP (wireless internet) #13; #10;could be smaller
Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is to big!
folding, no basket, wheels too small
Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
slow printing
Poor reliability, poor reception, terrible interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
Loses reception very easily.
the chargers suck and the phone stops charging after a few months of use.
NONE
An ink hog
Okay, so it only has 100 numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
Size, Size, Shutter Lag
Slow, cartridges $35+
terrible headset connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
A little slower than I would like.
HORRIBLE interface, high SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not sexy
Can be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume control
didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short battery life
Volume control adjustment
LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to judge how exposed your photo will be
Single band, a lot of returns
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
drains batteries, doesn't come with case
poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
reliability, color, battery life.
Color, NO Direct Connect
Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
A smidge large, slightly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
Does not come with a camera case.
Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
Interface is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
Not enough zoom
Not very user friendly, not very durable.
Fails to charge, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too big
charging, battery
Horrable Battery Life, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
None
poor quality, no features
still expensive
could use better lighting in keypad and display.
New cartridges very expensive.
Some signal problems, few carriers
manuals
No Games
Very short battery life - very limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
Doesn't come with basket (sold separately)
The biggy is the antenna. It breaks so ofetn motorola was fixing them for free--the catch is you have to mail it in and be without your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
Limited software capabilities
Slow to start up.
Small basket, No cup holder.
Camera needs a few more pixels.
BAD sound quality (mic), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
wheels could be sturdier
Battery; No WAP; no PC synch
expensive
sucks the battery juice, no zoom
Battery Usage
Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
Same problems that all cell phones have, but also a volume-selection problem
Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
Price of Ink
Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
The cost of around $600 is a little high for most!
not interchangeable 'faces', no Internet,
Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
not very fast and expensive ink cartridges
Price, holster design.
can't see the display in the sun
Have to buy new ink cartridges.
Lens - only average quality
Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
the attachment bar then makes it hard to fit into some vehicles
Ringer is fairly quiet #13; #10;
See Review
no viewfinder
Not recommended for feature seekers.
None so far.
Not capable of making legal sized copies.
no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Lack of features
Good, but not serious quality
none
Performance and features slightly lacking, no second paper tray
Having a hard time downloading the pictures to the computer
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
Larger than Canon S200
Larger footprint than the HP printers
Digital Zoom a little fuzzy, need to purchase a carry case.
Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq  amp; Dell PCs
speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
HEAVY!
Bulky, heavy,  basket should be made better.
Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
no usb
Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
Short battery life  amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving amp;loading slow
Basic.
need better support
The most unintuitive piece of crap that I've ever had to deal with.
No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under certain conditions.
reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
You might want a second set of rechargeable batteries
Can be pricey for the ink cartlidge
Easy to accidently dial numbers
doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
You don't get to see the printing quality
A little bulky, flimsy lens (breaks very easily)
Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
None yet
A wide angle lens is too expensive and is badly needed.
No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time.
the price of $400.
None
Pricey (but worth it)
$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture.
low optical zoom
Pricy
poor reception in buildings
Bright Flash is too bright
Only comes with a 4MB memory stick
Poor sound quality, flimsy, buttons too small, battery life too short, expensive
pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
A little heavy, poor battery life
High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
minibrowser
I have not found the cons yet.
no USB port
Eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, Not very high res
Unncessarily small outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering calls
Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
Print problems, paper feed problems...
At farther distances using the zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
Printer cartridges are expensive
A little slow , probably not the best  amp;quot;business machine buy amp;quot;
paging and voice mail awkward
Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms or chat, no custom ringers
No output to TV.
Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
Battery life  amp;amp; Download times
eats batteries, difficulty downloading
Upper color band weak.
Noisy when loading, Low memory
Setup - possible hitch.
Little memory, excessive battery usage
none
none yet
Can slow pc down
bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper jams
Not true photo quality
Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
Quality and Battery Life
Text quality when using regular paper. Availability of Canon paper
Unstable
Too large
is a bit expensive
Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
too small
none
High price, serial port to download, power usage
Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  Not the greatest flash
Consumed my batteries in no time
Pricey, learning curve. May be more to manage/set up than some users care for.
camera button on the side, arrangement of keypad
Short battery life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
uses batteries up quickly
None so far
a little on the heavy side, battery life can be a little low, reception
Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
poor calibration w/ signal strength
Battery usage
It does require a little effort on your part......
low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
No optical viewfinder, battery life
On the costly side
Problems with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
No drivers of OS X, doesn't do as well on HP photo paper
Keeps breaking! Low speaker level, too.
None
small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems much more fragile than the 6190
The paper catcher on the front is my only complaint.
Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings low.
6162 flip front is awkward
Cost of ink cartridges
A little pricey, manual is terrible
Noise, paper support
Somewhat hazy print jobs, chainsaw-loud operation
Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, Limited Memory, Battery Life
None
Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
Not comfortable for long conversations
resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
everything you can think of
price
Rumor has it Olympus has stopped manufacturing it
Short battery life (?), holster problems, menu navigation
None
Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
Noisy, Non-Removable power cable
Expensive ink
none
Single ink cartridge, expensive to replace, slow
On the lower end of resolution
Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
Small form factor makes hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards,
Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
Limited accessories available.
Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
Software not XP compatible, scanner is slow and scan quality not up to par
- Flimsy Antenna
shutter delay after pushing the button
Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone   music apps, microSD location
Inoperable in Cold Weather
waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
No View Finder, Low Battery Life
somewhat bulky design
High cost of ink-jet cartidges.
Drawbacks listed in review
Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
uses CPU for image processing
The one self healing incident LOL
None
cam resolution
Need to treat delicately, somewhat long delay when snapping a picture
No IRDA prort,Program cable not included.
I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
Poor design
One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
Drinks ink, clogs easily
No zoom
Does not work good in-doors.
Just about everything else
RAW format is nice perk but takes a long time to process
flash broken when purchased and had to be replaced
For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
n/a
Nothing
Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
slow printing speed
I have not had any problems with this product.
hard to dial
resolution too low for prints, slow transfer speed
Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key pad cover
Orange backlight wasn't that appealing.
toner consumption
Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
very expensive printer cartidges
do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the stubby!
No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
Noisy, clogs easily, very slow amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
Time taken between pics
flimsy
High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
call clarity, signal lock, battery life, key feel
if you use paper less that 24lb, the printer will misfeed the paper
Sometimes difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
Slow print starts.
None yet...
Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
It's extremely slow
Slow, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
large printer
Slow capture after holding down trigger
Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
Ring tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
A little weigh
seat doesn't recline - minor issue.
Did not come with an ac adapter
very expensive, not for a novice
hard to figure out how to download images for the background.  need special usb cable
durability
Poor low light/indoor picture quality.
Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one step behind the novel products of its competitors
No realistic cons.
cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen goes blank, poor reception.
Occasional "lock-ups" forces you to remove battery to "reboot", cover hard to remove.
No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech for some
Product instruction manual almost insulting for a camera of this quality.
Big phone, the light feature
A little slow
drains the batteries
none that I have found so far
a little expensive
not top of the line, junky
Battery life (minor problem)
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Rebate ending soon!
Volume,No Calender, No date on screen
absolutely nothing at all!
slow, noisy
No optical zoom
non-removal 2MB flash card
Poor Sound quality, Vibra-Call faint, Poor Battery life, Complicated menu
standard 8mb not enough memory
none yet.
bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
Poor manufacture and durability.
Accidental forwarding to voicemail (side buttons)
None
Can't think of any
Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
Scan quality is not good for pictures.
Layout, battery.
none
No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
Paint. Screen at times. COST.
Short battery life
A little too much noise
lt;i gt; lt;b gt;USB cable NOT included lt;/b gt; lt;/i gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
Have not determined any as of yet
Big, heavy, So-So battery life.
It thinks 20 sheets equals one sheet!
Would really benefit from a zoom lens
Automatic white balance indoors and menu system.
Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus.
bulky for today's standards
Not good for close up or business work
HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
Small viewing screen
Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000
Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
Are there any? Internal memory could be bigger.
High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big
shuts off suddenly, dust comes in LCD
hard to find refills
Some inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
accessories are expensive!!!
Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward power connector.
old now
none
Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
fat, gets very hot when in use
Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
kind of flimsy
Slow flash recharge.  No optical zoom.
comes with 16mb memory stick
Bulky
The speakerphone sometimes echos.
Not WEB enabled (if you need that feature)
doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
Sometimes slow focus, battery charges in camera, external charger not included.
seems everyone has one, TDMA??
Eats batteries, no manual settings.
Not as good photo printing as the 815C
none
Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
heavy for its size
It just does not work properly.
expensive small size cart.
Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
No video output, combined media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation   amp;#13; amp;#10;
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
Only for those who take pride and joy on superb photograpy.
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
none so far
size:width, screen not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
None
very kiddish, bad camera, complicated phone book, sometimes drops calls after slight abuse.
Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
Flimsy Antenna
Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
Not all bells and whistles
It is a piece  of junk
None to date
bulky antenna, impossible to flip w one hand, short battery life
Grip a little awkward for large hands.
Uses too much ink, poor black text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
If I ever think of one, I'll let you know.
runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
NONE Know
Awkward shape, initial quality control, proprietary flash, "reds", flash color balance, memory stick.
Cartridge cost
Only 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
MOTOROLA V325: NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE!
Print quality, speed, paper feed
Not Many, A little slow between Pictures
basket not accessible when used as travel system
Poor pictures, no tech support.
Eats ink,loud
None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
Not having one
GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, slow sync
Size, Price
Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support  amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
black ink smears sometimes in mine
A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
Poor battery life, huge size, does not ring loud enough
must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer  amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
No good Win2k driver, Slow
This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
See above
No 800x600, only six images per disk
NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
Cheezy ringers, documentation sucks.
Flimsy antenna, could have better reception.
BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
Reception was a big problem. No internet access, no vibration mode
Battery life, flimsy USB cover
Drop calls and it only works in certain areas. It's not both digital and analog.
No Optical Viewfinder
Does not fold up.
Battery life, quality sux, no games
No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery life, camera's flash broke after a month, glitchy.
Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
Not as compact as a flip phone.
The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
none
Noisy, Ink refills expensive.
Bad battery usage
Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
windows driver looses print job if you forgot to switch it on, loud in draft
slow picture taking
Size, weight, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured from co-workers.
hanging, cannot stop ringing, slow
only accepts CF1 cards, some plastic parts, should come with case
Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
Some small annoyances, a bit outdated
cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
Battery could last a little longer
graphic printing
???
Small, bad battery
The system has limitations locally, for now.
Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, speaker volume
AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
Skips a beat which can annoy you.
Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
No color screen, No front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
None worthy of note
none
No cable, print quality.
envy factor
No WAP, sometimes too small
Holster, headset functionality
Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings;
Ink cartridges are too small
No WAP, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
LCD/EVF very dark
Only the cost, but worth every penny.
Low battery life
Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
none
Fragile
Price is high for most consumers, size
everything else.
Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
Could be faster in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream phones.
Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on sound clarity.
flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
low powered flash, snap door, durability, reliability
seconds between pictures
Poor sound quality, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
Expensive Ink Cartridges
Worst reception imaginable, laden with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
Very poor performance in low light
display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Break up occasionally.
Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
Watch the paper handling, non-adjustable envelope slot
Downloaded ringers not as loud as pre-loaded.
Camera layout is bad
Price
Makes Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
Pricey, battery life, inconsistent signal
Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding text
Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
slow color print speeds
A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
takes up a lot of space on a desk
So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to find what you want changed.
lens design flaw
cannot alphabetize phone book; manual not especially helpful; T9 text entry sometimes a pain
Only hold eight pictures to a disc
heavy
So is many others. May not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
A little large and lacks a viewfinder
off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
Like all digital cameras you have to wait between shots
Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
No built in zoom
Size, buggy software
Not fast enough for a business
No optical viewfinder.
Slow, basic and expensive printing
Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
Cheated on optical zoom
Take Very Long To Print A Page
expensive, bulky, and heavy
Expensive
device is repeatedly "unavailable" when you need it
small screen for mobile web
The CompactFlash card is too small!
Big wheels
no USB
No external caller ID, no speakerphone
lighting problem, blurry pictures
NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
"OK" and "Send" buttons are too close together, minor bug with alerts system
Crabcatch game reminds me of my wife.
not durable for a child over 40 LBS.
the start up lag is a little excessive
poor user interface
manual too small, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch,
none
manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome.
Poor durability   menus can be difficult
Bulky, reserved mainly for professionals in a climate controlled environment, fragile.
no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
None that I can think of anyway
Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
Batteries run out quickly
No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
poor sound, poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
I must say that this stroller has very ugly patterns.  It can also be bulky.
A little bigger than others
Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
none
save your money
feels junky
Low Volume, drops calls, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes apart to easily
The price!
user interface is not user friendly
Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
RAW format a pain. Manual focus tricky. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
No wireless-web
Not really USB compatible
- Slow processor (9210i runs faster)
None.
Menus a little confusing.
Pictures are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
It is missing some features, such as zoom.
CAMERA   MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
Expensive
noise, connection, noise, noise
Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
None!
No USB or Parallel cable included.
Expensive Consumables
Sprint PCS Service, wireless connection
Not compatible with Windows XP
needs an integrated flash.
Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
Flash card too small, Size, Support
there are NONE!
Limited (Included) Ring Tones
no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
Serious accessory issues
should have actual Talk/End buttons instead of the "softkey", hard to change batteries
A little larger than some non-flip phones; a little longer start-up time.
not the smallest cell phone available
HP DeskJet 697C
Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
a bit strange looking stock color choices are few
fuzzy focus, poor battery life
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Signal strength, sound   awful OS
Numbering on buttons wears off. On/off functionality difficult to engage.
~ bulky size
wimpy lens cap, no camera case
Rings aren't very loud, vibrate rarely felt most of the time, desk charger bulky.
the basket is a little small
Very poor support
Some dead zones, low battery life at times.
Some minor usability issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
Shot delay, no case.
no manual focus
-Speaker phone is too quite
Poor user manual.
Cannot accept extra battery, analog battery life not so hot, somewhat expensive
No frills
Limited to 3.1 MP
Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
Not the best digital camera available.  No flash.
short handle, small wheels, wiggly, price
Print speed could be better.
Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
everything
Very bad picture quality.
Size
CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
Symbian OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
Very, very slow.  Slightly difficult install.
The battery life is not great.
needs more ringer tunes
Inefficient and unreliable
Battery life, sound quality
Not enough room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
Big, bulky, no frills
Doesn't  work very well
Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't usually need it.
Small number buttons
heavy and costly
The "bezel" and little flap on the front does not stick.
Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
No built-in lens cover, too big to fit in coat pocket
Get more Zoom
seat only has 2 reclining positions
Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
None
To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
Other models tend to be cheaper
auto dial a problem a times
short printer cord
navigating thru the menus is slow
Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
Cut corners to keep down price
Speed is slower than advertised
Lag between pictures
Can't think of any
loaded paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
Slow CCD, Can't Charge Batteries in Camera
Not to cheap
Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
NONE
Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, short USB cable.
none
No IR port
Cant think of any.
could be too narrow for chunky babies
lacks some featers of higher cost printers
hard to navigate menus
Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
Not easy for an amateur to use.
none yet
marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product support
a bit slow and noisy
Battery Life
Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
Not suitable for any work application
None yet
Horrible reception,hard to get use to,and doesn't have any settings really.
no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
None for what I need the camera for.
None if you have space for one!
Have two change from black to color cartridge.
poor to no customer service, not for MAC despite claims
nothing
Fairly large, canon paper is expensive
none that I have seen
Feeder occasionally iffy, slightly wonky drivers, a bit heavy.
short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
Battery length
Could use more features
Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
Kinda pricey for some.
depending on your budget might be expensive
No power switch, high consumables cost, occasional toner spills, problems cancelling fax jobs
8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with Movies
easily locks up, not much signal
Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite easily.
Night indoor photos don't look good
Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
Sound quality and phone quality problems.
Poor Battery life, Poor Keypad contacts, #13; #10;Poor Quality Control
legal copies, color printer quality
Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
No wireless web/WAP
only works in bright light
A Little Heavy, Price
Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
Software locks up, print heads smear
Hard to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu structure
2X digital zoom(so basically no zoom)
Takes forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
...no Indiglo Display, not Tri-mode, expensive...
Strictly JPEG file format
Short Battery LIfe
paper jams
NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
Quite expensive. Physical limitations caused by CD
The 2200 is in short supply- and 7 inks aren't cheap!
battery life
No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
print quality, slow printing, warranty
Moves my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
Floppy drive causes camera body to be large.
Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
Discontinued
Earpiece volume.  Games aren't good.
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no carrying case or belt hook, no voice activation
I can't think of any to be honest
Battery life is too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
The Color Choice
Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
A confusing menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
It's pretty big - takes up quite a bit of space on my desk.
none
Battery Life
slow ADF scanning due to design defect
everything else
tendancy to be dropped
Ink runs out way to quick
external buttons, recharge cradle, menu structure
everything about the phone, from the price to the calls
Price
DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
Takes time to figure out
None...
Not so good picture under low light/night time
Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
a little noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
Uses a lot of batteries
Battery good but could be better, display hard to see w/o back light
Not a  amp;quot;solid amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
Very basic in amenities.
two-handed release to fold
Larger than most digital cameras
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
slow.....bad quality print
Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
Poor instructions.  Settings hard to understand.
the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
BAD picture quality, poor software.
Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
battery life
Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does voice dialing.
Auto-focus could be better
no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
Spotty reception, poor bluetooth
Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
Plastic is  quot;squeaky quot;
Not durable, two failed in a year.
Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
Poor video
Print quality, paper feeder
batteries don't last long
movie is poor
slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
Battery life and Red-eye
No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
Noisy and difficult to use
bulky, a few extraneous features
flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
Does not come w/ charger and rechargeable batteries, only 8MB CF card.
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Takes time to install the software.
Dropped calls are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
Name display doesn't allow enough characters; low battery life
Battery life.
Battery life with the included battery
wierd shut off problems
None
Sometimes confusing menus
Photo print quality, speed, noise
Display and keypad can be hard to see because of glare and reflections
None!
Poorly designed mini-USB port access
Bad reception, not too durable
quirky software
None
Not the best image quality
...
dropped calls; keypad difficult to use
Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
price
none thus far
Weak flash and only a 2 MB card with unit
Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
Smearing
Price tag, only dual mode
Service leaves much to be desired.
Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
Phone book organization (though it might be just me)
Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
Blurry pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
none
photo printing, ink capacity, total cost of ownership
Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward navigation
Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
Memory supplied too small
Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
It's not a laserjet.
$$$
basic phone, don't expect too much.
Lousy coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
Communication Errors
bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
None that I have come across
Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold
Size
Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
no carry case,
Slight shutter lag time.
Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up pictures.
No analog receiver, basic phone.
No AC cord included
none
If you don't like reading instructions, some things take time to figure out.
None
Physical size if space is limited
It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
battery life, ease of use
hard to get into the basket and no 5 point harness
Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
Folding it can take some getting used to
slow scanner
Won't focus in low light.
annoying ringtones
Battery Life, Keypad
batteries go quick
minor
Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
None -- it's better than it should be.
Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
Manual Lack OF
Call waiting feature, smallish buttons.
cost of ink
none
Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
Runs out of ink fast, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
Standard Ringers, Instruction Manual
*Extremely slow menu  #13; #10;*No calendar #13; #10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined #13; #10;*Can't decline calls
Pricey ink
Low internal memory
Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
None.
Expensive, Big and bulky
Battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
NONE
None
Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
Slow. Noisy. Flimsily built.
Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
not a color printer
no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
No zoom feature
SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
printing a bit slow
External antenna, only 1# per name in the phonebook, no reminders, vibrating alert sold separately
No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
My broke after only a few months
Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis; LOUD!
eats up batteries like crazy
Expensive
lt;i gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver lt;/i gt;
harder to use
Service
Horrendous battery life, flimsy quality.
price is high
Sony does offer higher quality devices
Mode dial keeps shifting when putting into carry bag
Very slow when other programs are running,
print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
Need USB filter driver  amp;amp; printer driver right away.
Not a laser.
Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
A bit heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a 16m!
Slow data transfer
The batteries seem to run down rather quickly in the camera
Every thing
Not to comfortable when used up to the ear.
bigger than 8260, kind of heavy.
The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very slow startup.
No red eye reduction
Small ink tanks, no USB cable
bulk and heavy
everything else
No switches. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
A bit bulky and heavy.
Manual doesn't give needed info on using the MP3 player.
Dark viewfinder takes a lot of light to see indoor pictures
battery life
Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
Lousy Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
fuzzy pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
None that I've found yet.
You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
Likes ink
Horrible manual, no belt clip
short lifetime
cheap looking, short battery life
Not always recognizing voice command
Some quirky performance issues
no accessories, short battery life
No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/S
No frills, just basics.
too large for your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
Bad paper handling
Plastic body can break if dropped.
none
Poor signal performance, scratches easily.
Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't get onto the Internet
green light in view finder
underexposed flash shots, AF assist lamp does not produce better results, small mode dial
Reception is TERRIBLE.  Buttons are nearly indistinguishable to the touch.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
Does not have any.
A bit pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
Very slow at printing.
design flaw (headset   power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
Many of the features don't work right.
Lots of defects, Bad Contact list, Not durable, can't change face plates, etc, etc, etc...
a bit Bulky, numbers are hard to get used to at first
none
Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
Toner expense
Dust under screen just me being picky i think
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
None
Can have a few glitches
MULTI-PROBLEMS
A little expensive
Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
difficult to capture movement
Paper jams occasionally
Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
Poor Voice dialing #13; #10;Doesn't sync. #13; #10;Poor microbrowser #13; #10;Poor support
Your best photo's will be bad.
Battery tends to loosen over time and loose contact.
Beeps, Antenna, Reception, Charger
Basket could be a big bigger, weight
Optical viewfinder edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
have not found any yet
Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
slow
Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
None.
Some paper jams.
phone cracks, battery life stinks
It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
Horrendous warranty/repair service
Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
Will probably be obsolete to by soon, but has great support
Runs through batteries
Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
A little heavier   bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
It's difficult to learn how to do things with this phone, poorly written manual.
Telecom: alerting the user [More details in Body]
Weak signal - dropped calls and inconsistent connections
Wireless Web function is very hard to use.  No built in headset jack.
Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight up.
Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
slow to start printing, small paper tray
Proprietory battery
Recharging required often; finding accessories
Small buttons
somewhat limited lighting
price
1
6 ppm
no problems
none
lack of features
Verizon Wireless banner, quiet ringtones, speakerphone is kinda sketchy
Everything else.
large size
expensive cartriges
very buggy software
Cartridge costs $34.00 +
Incompatibility with other services
None.
It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
Shakes a bit when printing
The cross navigational key in the middle is ugly and the send and end buttons are weird shades of red and green
Can't think of one yet!
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Takes up a little more space than I thought
No optical zoom.
heavy
T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
No Case, Somewhat Pricy
None that I can think of
but cheap product!
Lagging menus, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
the lexmark ink is exspinsive
features and clarity are lacking
bland color, digital zoom degrades images
None I've found yet
short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
Ink cost
Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
You have to read the manual to use it.
hands-free thing is below average, doesn't tell me winning Powerball numbers
does not save half-written messages; alarm does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy feature;
Battery life, serial connection
price, standard zoom features
short battery life
Lacks many newer features
None so far!
Curling of Pages
None
pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
Poor headset design and no internal vibrate alert on phone itself
basket
Weird Sounds, Dropped Calls
Phone book,one touch dialing
nothing
Not "cool" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
Cheap color printer, paper feed
You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
Sometimes too small, options can take a while to learn
Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
can only scan and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
Pester folks from the comfort of your car!
Price, Proprietary Battery.
Its blowing competitors off the market!
Expensive Photo Paper
no Optical focus
Colors tend to get murky.  Very low memory.  Lots of glitches.  Toner is very expensive.
Not very durable as opposed to other phones, previously owned.
handsfree low volume, size must be smaller
Storage is limited by the current technology
Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
Way too expensive, relatively few features, difficult interface.
reception, batt. life, call volume, quality
The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
Frequent clogging, software so-so
You cannot talk on this phone while it is charging in its base.
Quality of video-clips not as great as pictures.
The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
You have to manually pop the flash up
slower than quoted, dark photo output
Not very user friendly, lots of static.
See above
None
Cheap, quality isn't that great, short battery life
Not outstanding battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
Compromised image quality.
A bit too small, no easy preview option,
Behaves strangely, battery dies quickly, price
Ringtones arent very loud. Would like a louder external speaker.
Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic,
Optional camera bag could be more protective
None Whatsoever
Expensive and short battery life
price, Battery Life is low.
Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen,  amp;#13; amp;#10;heavy for an camera
The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink to clean.
camera can be a power hog
Ink gets on the rollers and smears amp;#13; amp;#10;on paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
Paper trays are a little flimsy, ink cartridges have less volume.
Cartridges are a bit expensive
Lockups, poor plastic, terrible warranty service
speed
Not quite as sharp
Not as fast as some printers.
low ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, no graphical web browsing.
Pricey. The autofocus can take a while to focus.
Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
antennae
Uses color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
Does not turn on
none so far
Comes with a small 8mb memory card. Need at least 64mb or 128mb
Inexpensive  :o)
At the highest volume level on ringer, still hard to hear.
Who wrote that handbook?
The battery life is very short. Ring selection is very limited!
After many thousand pages, I don't know of any yet.
no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
None
none thus far
The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
maybe a little thick, but still a trim package
no personal caller id pic
Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not hold addresses
thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
Can't think of any
high price unit and toner
changing back  amp;amp; forth for color and B amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
None yet
battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.
Product Quality (Display)
nothing at all!
Not great action shots
Relatively big.
LCD hard to see in the sun, LCD freezes
Need to buy an optional wire 39$
paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality prints
low talk time
Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy   large.
Nothing really so far, but ring tones are silly
price, warranty limitations
drains batteries
a little higher price but worth it
That's about all it does. Pretty uninteresting.
None
A little slow
Paper problems, Loud, Consumes Ink,
No colour
battery comes loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at times
Boot and Process time
buttons to small, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
Company doesn't support their product!
can be hard to get a signal sometimes
none
everything
Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.
flimsy paper trays
none
fails as a phone, too quiet to use in loud places
Since so many people have this phone, whenever you hear one ring, you always look and see if it is yours! ;)
Had to use up 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
Voice activation is hit and miss at times
menus are a little 'dumbed down'; cheap housing
Can't think of any
none
lens cover, dim display, 4Mb included media
simplistic functions, decently priced
Haven't found any
doesn't have polyphonic ringtones
Pictures could be clearer.
Small, can easily get lost
Poor battery life, no provision for add-on lenses or filters
confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
Rechargeable battery is not included.
nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
The price and software.
No speakerphone for calls or voicemail.  Speaker for Direct Connect not as good as others.
expensive,
battery life could be a little longer.
takes up a lot of space in trunk
Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
Stock battery too weak. Reception reduced compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat lacking.
May be inconvenient if you don't want to use a Palm device.
Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
breaks down two months after warranty goes out
low quality pictures, drains batteries
scanning feature doesn't work well
menus and price...
not a single one!
I have to get used to a new button configuration.
Product useless, warranty is a joke!
Cost
OK battery, odd key layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
Ringer volume(Please read review), menu a bit difficult to navigate.
no camera,a bit lacking on colour display(only 4096).
Battery usage
I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
none that I have discovered
Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
Doesn't work very often
Not many accsesories. Small easy to lose.
Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
Reliability
None
need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to make it great
Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
slow wap web browsing on the phone
Battery
Phonebook
None
A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
horrible speakerphone quality.
When you push the button and the actual time it takes the picture lags.Bulky.
poor quality control  amp;amp; poor attitude
speaker!
none so far
not good for printing labels
Its a Nokia needs more features.
None
Minimal features.  Usability flaws.
Too expensive compared to 930C
Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
Heads need cleaning every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad light )
early revisions had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
Battery life, antenna (lame), easily scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
ANTENNA!!!
SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap.
Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
Slightly confusing menus...
Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
Lack of AC adapter
None
Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of face scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
No 2 way text messaging.
Slightly larger than some phones
weak reception, gets hot within 10 minutes of taking, no vibrate.
Battery takes along time to charge, difficult to open with one hand
Print Quality, Ink Cartridges, Technical Service, Warranty Service, Size of the Machine, ECT, ECT, ECT
batteries go dead after a short time
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
download time from camera to computer not usb
average ink costs
Web Browser is horrible
too slow
Takes up a lot of space.
Bulky,
Heavy, No Call History
Reception poor at times, no internet access
Driver installation can be a little tricky.Follow instructions to the letter!
no usb cable included, need canon papers for best results
It's old.
Paper Tray
not supported for B amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
Number of pics camera stores and battery
Can't do large poster-size prints
Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
Non-reliable
None that I've found
Really bad focus-lock time, even in bright light
little pieces
Really uses up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
Ring volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
Expensive
Battery life, maybe big for some, text is big and rough looking
Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
battery life
none
Poor customer service, lots of dropped calls and dead spots
screen, scene modes
I don't know of any
Poor autofocus convergence in low light
Size, Paper Jams, Hard to change ink cartridges*, Loud, Slow
No data sync
battery usage
you get what you pay for, this isn't for photo printing
color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
Antenna is LARGE. Wired headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
none for the price
too many.
it is heavy
Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
SPEAKERPHONE SHOULD BE REMOVED
Key lock unlocks when you get a call and slide switch on side is annoying.
overexposes on auto settings, doesn amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode amp;#13; amp;#10;
None yet
There are two common problems with the screen and battery.
2 ink cartridge system, Cost of the Ink
Availability of Acessories
Problems are soon to come.
long games load times, hard to retrieve a phone number
black ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper types
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
If one function breaks your without them all
Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
Batteries, LCD
canon paper is expensive
Destroys computer when re-installed
durability
design isn't on par with other Epson printers
Power hungry, poor low light performance
handle is high for a shortie like me!
Fuzzy pictures
Overpriced, poor flash, some flatness in pictures, uncomfortable at times to hold while shooting
Weak flash, poor battery life
Could be considered expensive
A little slow if your in a hurry
Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
range
Poor color, especially photos.
printing photos is hard for me
Only comes with an 8mb card.
none
Over time, like all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
small memory card and eats through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB Flash Card.
Picture quality not as good as competition's
NONE
$20 cable not included, it's kind of slow.
Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
Bad screen
computer produced pictures not top quality
No real complaints, feels a little too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
Outgrow fast
CRAP CRAP CRAP
can't find one at this time
name brand ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
Buttons stick out and might get damaged
No zoom, limited flash range
Fairly expensive printer cartridges
Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger fingers.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
No outside display screen,
larger, requires user to provide printer cable
A Bit Pricey
Price can be reduced due to competitors
Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
you can'y get cool accessories for this phone and it's pretty expensive
Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.
only 2: weak signal, speakerphone doesn't always work correctly
Bit Hard to see blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way
Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further damage.
Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording picture.
Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
CRAP CRAP CRAP
Video quality isn't that great amp;#13; amp;#10;Very bright flash
My first one was defective! Retail price is too high.
none
SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible picture quality
Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Zoom, No Close-ups, Cost
Price, Optional Bag
Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
Optical viewfinder is not worth using
digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are produced
Questions about sturdiness
eats batteries!
must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
drop it once and it is dead. amp;#13; amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
nothing
none so far
speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
There are paperjams
Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
Slightly heavy, needs lighting
Can't afford one for home!
WAP browser, Sprint
poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
No lens attachment options
Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
Too many to mention here
No lcd backlight, low light focusing tough, 16mb flash card as standard
Low memory
on the bulky side, digital zoom
Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
Awful color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
colors are distorted
Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
Hard to use at night
Blurred images
scratches easily(invest in screen covers), no viable belt clip option,
A few fairly minor hiccups
Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow at times
Not intuitive, big (for today), unstable
Battery door, needs larger media card.
16MB card, Battery life
not able to use as hands-free,battery life a lot less than advertised
small size, poor user's manual
multi-step process to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory included
cartridges ran out quick
Lack of ring tones, wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring tones
Price
complex - steep learning curve
Colour repro isn't faultless
Battery life
Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
Battery life
Unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason.
WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
None yet.
See description below
easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
None come to mind.
Sketchy service in areas without two or more bars.
Small keyboard, poor structural integrity
hard to read display, selection wheel is temperamental.
Power use, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
All accessories have to be purchased separate
Easy to lose.
original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
Cheap plastic hardware amp;#13; amp;#10;No flash
None
Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
It doesn't do laundery
Not the highest resolution available
It is HP
none, plastic feels cheap
none
Poorly designed
Likes to eat batteries, 8mb card included is too small
Menu operation, Software, Flash design
Wish there were more printers like this one
Didn't last me two years.
No Linux support
Mobile doesn't work then all the cons
No external display.
battery
Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
Short battery life, poor signal strength
Plastic body, bad flash photography,
no view finder and battery life span.
Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
Requires time to learn using all the functions
bad color-detail prints
Some Paper Jams, Ink Smears If Inkhead is clogged
LCD screen not very bright, No way to connect striaght to TV.
no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive than smoking.
No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
None that I have found yet.
Clunks and slow at initial start of printing
big and bulky
Ink is expensive and goes fast
Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre sound and reception. No Screen Zoom.
the strap was a pain to put on.
does not use standard hands-free
Technical problems from the start
a little larger than others
leaks black ink!1
Cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain point
slow, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
It is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
Too Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At First)
Doesn't work with heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
everything but print quality, bad bad bad
Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
sticky flash door, sometimes hard to hold
No Sound recording. Poor software package.
range not so good
Consumable costs / no sheet feeder for A3
only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
none
Price. (you are paying for style)
service
NO ink in the expensive OEM cartridges!
cost of ink cartridges
AC adapter sold separately
Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
Battery life is a little short
misses focus, useless in low light
Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
can't keep the shutter open for more than 2 seconds, so if you're getting it for night shots, a different one may be more suitable
price, size of basket
Everything else
costly calls
battery life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty product
0
Camera can easily turn on.
Poor picture quality, no flash, auto shut off too fast
Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
auto white balance is easily confused
Ink price
Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
a bit pricey, movies don't play in standard Windows Media Player
none really
none
Short Battery Life.
size - a little larger than most
top paper tray is not removable, no network capability
Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to handle, FORGET about using it in sunlight.
Large size,High drain on batteries
GREAT PHONE LIST...
None
Wide footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
Battery kills time
Battery Life,Back lite display in sun lite
Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, slow for a new palm.
The manual operations aren't great.
Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
A LITTLE BULKY
No type of covering over the numbers.
Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
I haven't found any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
Not useful after the first few months
does not play .mp3 files
Customer Service Lacks.
delayed shutter
Eats through AA batteries
The black ink goes fast, If print alot.
delay between pictures
Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
baskets could be bigger
It is big, loud, and slow.
Fairly loud when printing, cartridges seem to have a low capacity
The tray should be bigger to hold more paper.
Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
Each Color is Individual
printout performance depends on equipment
Slow, few features, low resolution
USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
Clip placement, long, lighted buttons
A bit thick, cheap designed cradle
Signal strength, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never know.
Few Features, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
No analog roaming, sometimes slow menus
No video, no call restrictions,
vibrate, voice name dialing
~DOES'NT TAKE GOOD PICS IN THE DARK IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT~
a bit expensive, as just released,
It doesn't have an antenna so reception is bad inside.
hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
sound quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
Memory cards cost
None
No Type II Compact Flash Support, Very limited indoor and low light usage
is not a good product
See review
The battery wears after 3 - 4 months
Sound quality, weak analog mode
Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
Kind of heavy
1 megapixal
Battery life.
Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
no zoom
Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
single mode phone
None...Camera would be perfect if a tad less bulky...
too wide to use indoors, expensive
Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
price
Battery not flush
low batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
Battery time, ringer volume, speaker volume
good not great battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
Price of Ink
only 30 calendar entries
Clunky (which is also a plus), not a lot of "cool" presence.
Didn't buy it sooner.
inaccurate viewfinder, comes with only 8Mb CF card, using lcd really drains the battery, PRICE
no colour screen
Multimedia cards are not cheap
Flash too close to the lens, image quality could be better
EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; takes some getting used to.
Limited memory for phone numbers and SMS messages.
Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
Non-treaded wheels, No canopy secure strap when carrying, basket to small.
Background noise, slooowww menu selection
NONE
Battery life could be better.
Takes a long time to print the job.
Printer Ink Cost!!!
separate viewfinder from the lens.
Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
Not the best
A little bit noisey
Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
Battery life, bulky and uggggely!
can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
Banner changing
Could be lighter
Big Footprint, no cable included
Very loud printing; small black cartridge
keypads are hard to use in the beginning
The Antenna. Do not buy this phone the antenna will break.
6 bills, wow! #13; #10;Brakes easily
Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
Built-in games 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
Price,have to open phone to answer it.
Optional Case is junk. Lens cover sometimes pops out of alignment.
not durable ink tanks
Doesn't have an 'ignore call' feature
none
incredible difficulty of use
expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
not compatible with XP
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
Short battery life, few advanced features.
Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with.
i dont have any     SORRY
haven't found one!!
Few, except printing speed.
too expensive to buy for non business needs.
lousy software  amp;amp; Customer Service
Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
unreliable reception, weak battery
Limited picture printing quality
None
expensive ink cartridges. slow access time of the media slots. bad install program
Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
doesn't come with a power supply cord
not enough instructions
sometimes dials itself in your pocket
Ink hog, occasional problem with ink clog, expensive cartridges
Loud sound when paper is entering printer, cheap plastic sound when closing scanner.
Not very sophisticated
Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
none
32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
slightly shakes when printing
applications lag, phone freezes, no vibrate/ring combination ring tone, poor picture quality
Initial Cost
Phone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
The editing software is quite basic and limited.
No USB or Optical Zoom
Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a bit confusing.
Read the review
Low Battery Life
small buttons, no belt clip
Three draw backs to this camera are: It takes what is called a memory stick, meaning you need to down load the photos or you need a PC to view the photos full size. Your computer needs to have a USB connection and capabilities to use this camera. The view
It rarely works, drinks ink like water
It's life expectancy is SHORT
Margins are larger than expected.
price
Two SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
Infant seat attachment makes stroller bulky!
bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
Not any that I can think of, I love it Just the step price.
Disconnects many times
none
Price
thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
You get what you pay for
Prints extremely slowly; low print quality; breaks easily
battery life, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
no internal flash
duplex feature extremely slow
Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot Find One!!!
A little bulky  amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
Battery needs to be replaced quickly
Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
Slow flash recharge; low battery life
Finish dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
I had problems with the drivers, but updates fixed it up quick.
battery life
Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
None that I could think of
Price
antenna close to head.
No IR, keypad takes some getting used to
Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
Expensive.
Features are not very easy to master.
burr, no mp3 playback?
When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
Customer Service
Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
battery life
Not the best ringtones
doesn't function properly, too much $money$ for a phone that does not work
Giant   heavy; turgid reception   battery life; few features
Our old face plates from our last Nokia do not fit our new one.
None
Plain, may have problem with slanted text
Use photo paper for best results
noisy, slow, and a maintenance headache
Questionable build quality
Battery hog
none
Foolish interface, stupid handsfree set.
Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
image quality, color is disgusting
*no full screen on front
No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no analog
paper jams, ink problems
none
Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for much less
everything
But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
None
This phone really doesn't have any cons, it's really just a matter of preference.
Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
poor battery life, low ringtones and not enough ringtones and games
None, although keypad may be a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
None that I could find.
will not survive a fall from 3 ft
Pictures not the best.
camera, not alot of memory for mp3
sliding lens cover has a sticking point
'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted as a removeable drive on PC's
weight  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
Photo ink not included/Check setup before printing
ink can be expensive if you do alot of color/photo printing
Costly print cartridges
Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
Finding a vendor that carries the phone
runs out of ink too quickly, somewhat slow to print
scanner is not flatbed and does not have color
You have to know what you are doing to use it.
macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
can only get 4-5 pictures per disk
There is really no cons to this product, it is a great camera and has high quality options
No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
Sometimes pictures are blurred
Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk time
Eats up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
none
Very poor paper load design.
Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.
runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
A little bulky when it comes to size of printer
Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
Several things.
VERY bad battery life
Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as you'd like for home use
No removable flash card.
No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
hard to find a carry case
Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery life, side buttons poorly placed
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
4mb storage card
Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
cannot send text messages, only 9 ringing choices and most of them are annoying.
Can hardly hear on the speakerphone.
High battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
Proprietary connectors. Shortage of accessories. Freezes. Weak antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
Lgi's reputation, customer support, battery life
Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech Support.
inability to increase RAM
No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD ,
Speakerphone too soft.
Not as rugged as a Startac
a little noisy, a little slow but it is worth the quality
Can't see photos you've taken.
Batteries, lots of maintenance.
Ink requirement steep, poor multi-fax sending capabilities.
Nothing major enough to list here.
takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
noise, paper tray
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
time between shutter pressed and picture taken too long. amp;#13; amp;#10;1024x768 max amp;#13; amp;#10;
Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, screen is hard to read, poor reception
battery life, scratches easily
So-so battery life
Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
None thus far.
The HP 710 is the founder of the term  amp;#13; amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
basket could be bigger
Has a very delicate  amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
Looking a little large and dated
Low pic quality. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
hoods keep falling off.
no flash, bad computer software, no zoom, bad quality pictures
No keypad cover
Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.
clunky, buggy, broke, looks cheap
The only con would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
No good ringtones...
Very slow copier
Wish it had a bigger zoom.
None
battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
hard to push and turn
Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
None yet
No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertised.
It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
not as good as the PowerShot S10
Paper feed sometimes will grab too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
PRICE!! Battery life and the new 5150 successor.
Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
only reclines to two positions
Shakes a lot, makes a lot of noise. Takes up to much ink.
Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
none
Bad software, problems with resolution
mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
no games, no alarm, not for teenagers
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
more features than I really need
price
Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
640-480 resolution
Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over older hardware, gets grubby easy.
AC power adapter is poorly designed
Difficult to turn phone off and on
Doesn't come with a cable
limited features
Nub antenna, weak vibration
eats up batteries,but what digital doesn't!
mines a little broken =(
Slow and unreliable
No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
None as of this time
Unit-specific battery.
Lots, read the review!
scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
Ink cartridge monitor system leaves something to be desired.
No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes text messages on its own
Rather bulky
Printer driver was difficult to install.
cheesy ringers (IMHO)
No clock (what were they thinking?)
have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
internet can be slow even with the best signal.
none
Nothing I can think of
Speed is slow on high-resolution and color graphics.
Software STINKS!
No battery charger, slightly smaller LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
You may lose it if you don't keep tabs on it!
ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.
No auto shutoff.
Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
Noisy
Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution.
The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
not the most attractive
GRABS the paper, bulky, expensive ink cartridges
Cheap
High Price
cleaning not very impressive
Poor reception, phones break down in no time.
Adding paper could be easier
doesn't take good moving shots but I haven't seen one that does
LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
heavy,thirsty,inflexible,slow to switch on/store photo
expensive
display small for web browsing
When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly.
Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky menu interface.
Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
Terms of service change without warning.
Needs batteries all the time
Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
can't download ringtones or new games.
Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
Small Basket,canopy window placement
a little noisy in colour print mode
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Horrible manual, mediocre software
small screen, bad reception, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery life
When laid flat the screen can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
Poor battery life, poor reception, poor provider
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Bluetooth range isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless (almost)
I still can't shave with it on trips.
I wish I had gotten it sooner
PRICE!!!, no expansion capabilities.
Mediocre reception, quiet ring.
Images are occasionally of questionable quality
Very low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD screen, no games :)
None!
None, sorry!
Menus are a pain, doesn't get your attention w/ ring or vibrate
Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
thick shape is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point  amp; shooters
Everything else.
1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
haven't found any
Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
Horrible quality phone.
gets warm against your ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
Only 15 pictures at a Time!
price
Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
Nothing significant
Low battery life
Sliding door opens too often in pocket
size, ease of use, basket size, durability
no brakes!
some difficulty installing for ME, difficult finding cartridges
Camera has limited utility, buttons may be too small for some.
Not reliable
Small size might be a problem
Slightly noisier than similar models, ink cartridges harder to find
Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
battery consumption, warm up time.
Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
No zoom, less than great low light/night capabilities
Short battery life, no zoom
I don't think that there is any cons.
No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
Price, flimsy (useless?) antenna
Bulkiness
none for me
Slow
poor photo quality
Poor manual and sketchy information on some settings
VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, FRAGILE
Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
Color Print Speed is Slow, Cannot Hold Color and Black Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
Game is not enough and there are all old games.
Pain in the Tush to type in names
Possible software problems,inconvenience of replacements,very fragile if dropped,very minimal accessories, Bluetooth sux
You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
USB Cable not included.
Very cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
Battery life could be improved
Only 2.0 Megapixels
Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life).
Blurry pictures, battery dies --- gt; picture lost,
proprietary battery and charger.
Limited to 640x480 resolution
battery life
Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
You will need something better eventually
Costly
Buggy web browser, buggy battery meter
speed/ battery life
bad reception
Text message input is very slow.
You gotta read up on the manual
Rather large for carrying a long time.
Not enough resolution for portraits.
No Ring+Vibrate, Verizon Interface, no true Silent mode, can be slow
price, uses new xD picture card
Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that  amp;quot;macro amp;quot;
unreliable, expensive
crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
reliability, camera button, picture quality
None in my epinion.
A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.
Customer support
Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of speaker phone, Not Durable!
None yet.
sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
Cost of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
little warning when ink runs out
reception is hard to come by
Goes through cartridges very quickly.
Heavy, big
None
Text Print Speed
New model, no deals on price yet
AC Adapter not included, limited flash range, no external lenses or flashes
Screen still "ghosts" at times, Left and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
too uncomfortable
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Only one port, hard to fit your head, easy to lose.
Limited zoom range
no flash on camera
None to Mention
Heat, start/end chimes
Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
ear and face ick from other people
hard on battery use
No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
Slowwwww, does not come with a black ink cartridge
nothing at all
Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
Wish controls were in front
risky technology
non-standard battery, on/off switch can go on by accident
poor photo print quality
"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
Short battery life, occasional static
Screen and buttons small depending on what you're used to
microphone, rebooting
Viewfinder a problem in intense sunlight.
can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
Big, battery guzzler
Expensive ink cartridges
small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
Long warm up times.
No color or photo printing.
No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on album page
Monochrome screen, brick, no mms/email
Sometimes it is too small
Basket is too small and inconvenient
Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
slow for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
Freezes up way too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
Hot base, short battery life
None.
May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
short standby life of ink-jet cartridge
Difficult to steer  amp;amp; fold, heavy
Very messy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible generic cartridge.
None
No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
Ink Cost, Paper Cost
Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
never worked correctly; Cannon will not replace with new printer
HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
None
Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but powerful management software.
feels a little flimsy -- be careful with it
Mediocre reception, battery life could be better.
no cons what so ever
Sound quality is awful
Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
Looses Connection in Michigan Dunes
It will suck a set of AA batteries dry within 5 min.
It's slow
Cons?  Where do I start?
pricey, too good resolution for average person
price?
i print too much
Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few minutes
low battery,cheap quality,bad reception, too small
Cartridges cost more than printer
Driver issues, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print Quality Issues
None
May not be fast enough for larger offices
Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great battery life
Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults
Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, Terrible Battery Life
Price, Single Band
Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems,
none to speak of
Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't change default text entry, many button presses required, "unintuitive"
No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
Won't replace the need for a small stroller.
Heavy, Poor close range performance.
sometimes shutter speed is slow
SLOW menus, easy to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate controls for vibrate or ring volume (without adjusting the same time the listening volume
Slightly Tedious, Sometimes annoying
No WAP access
ink cartridges kind of expensive
If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone calls.
missed calls, weak signals
No menu system- confusing to use
must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life short, menus hard
No "Vibrate   Ring" mode, Desktop Charger is too big for vacations.
Sprint PCS service
expensive cartriges
Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
Only scans flat sheets, not books
Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently.
none yet
almost constant paper jams on every one we own
A little slow
Size of printer itself
Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.
loud ringer, weird menu setups
Read my review, but the keypad is a big con for me.
Rough Focus
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
No GPRS through a PC.
Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, flash is very bright, no fill light
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak and cheap
Rechargable batteries must be bought separately
voicestream has spotty coverage... no WAP if you are into that sort of thing
bad signal, low volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no features
a little expensive along with the video cards.
none
Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
Sucks your ink cartridges dry
Bad quality, slow
Tech support
Problems with USB connection
A little slow registering photographs
No games, limited ringer tones, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
Instruction Book could be easier to use
None
INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
Pricey, no lens cover, Fuzzy Zoom pictures, do I need an MP3-player on my camera?
short battery life, nearly perfect interface but with glaring shortcomings
Quality of picture
Sucks batteries like there's no tomorrow
Phonebook features are basic
Only LCD viewfinder
confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
Big printer, small ink tanks
Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
None in my experience
4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE amp;#13; amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
Poor low light performance, overwhelming flash
buttons are small, hard to find accessories except on line or from AT T.
Lag time
battery life
Ink hungry
Antenna is vulnerable
video capture is a lie
Quite large
I want spiffy ringtones. :-(
Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 charging stand
Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are cheap
Battery does not last terribly long and it is expensive!
No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge.
Cartridge cost
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Noisy
battery life leaves something to be desired
No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
Very slow
Delicate, don't drop or let water get in contact with it
Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
A few minor glitches
The are updated way to fast
None
Extremely poor quality pics.
Don't have any at this time!
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
Bad low light pics
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
small storage space.
Poor Speakerphone Quality, Erratic functionality
People want to rip off the slide plate.
Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.
no sound when the shutter is released
Pricey
poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
battery life.
Expensive to run!
none so far
Why spend so much when 4700 is better
Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, hard on batteries
NONE AT ALL!!!
not reliable
No case.  Awkward zoom control
does not have zoom lense
Battery comes off phone! Accessories are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
Interface feels clunky and slow, no polyphonic ringtones.
longer than most phones, freezes like your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
difficult to learn
Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
bulky, faulty and outdated
The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
speed
Price, but coming down steadilty
picture quality isn't the best, no view screen,
doesn't scan pictures well
Large screen, excellent sound quality, etc.
Larger than average size
Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
Blurry Photos With No Memory Card
Poor Quality
Battery use/Design
can't find any cons
A bit expensive/slow for normal document printing
menu system is a little hard to understand and remember
the voice dialing sometimes is a little sluggish, but still i like it.
eats batteries
Price.
comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
Special Hands Free Device
Ringtones are enough to make you want to throw the phone away.
Ink Costs  amp; Slightly Washed out Prints
unprotected display, keys too small, dust under display
Compact isn't always better!
Expensive. Bad software.
ADRESS book not 4 me but some
Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
Messes up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
Poor reception when inside.
battery life is horrible
no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, screen on outside keeps going out!
cant think of any
depending on company, prices!
Absolutely nothing!
Aesthetics, Design
The camera kept breaking.
The Display crashes
Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
none of significance
Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
battery life is mediocre
Not constant picture quality
There isn't any
Price
Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
Everyone has one!
No cables included, some problems with bundled software
Printer Driver lacks options for Matte Paper and Print Preview
May take a few seconds to start up
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
poor phonebook design
Not extremely fast
price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
low quality
not for high volume copiers
Keys too close together, touch screen is moody, sound quality poor
Cables should be included
Occasional Echoing
Too trivial to even be worth mentioning here.
Poor design of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
grainy images, distortion, poor quality images
5 PPM print speed
lots of memos, but rather short in length; no reminders;
eats batteries, carry several mem cards
none
A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
overall design, navigation key
Slow processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
No easy volume controls
sound quality is terrible
battery is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
Battery dies quickly
Large, mediocre viewfinder
They use UPS for shipping.
color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
Cleaning heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
A little on the bulky side.
Battery life, shutter lag
drinks ink like a fish.
I still think the prices I paid is to high.
Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
Not presentation quality printing
The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
loud, slow color printing
the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
none
None so far.
spots in photos sometimes
no adjustments for quality
still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
When the flip is slammed closed it makes a oval mark on the screen, battery
software could be improved
Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility
Paper tray doesn't fold up
Battery life
may be outdated in a few years
Everything else.
Driver could be better, sometimes has errors
You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
too small, hard to navigate compared to other phones, screen hard to read, low rings
Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
battery life
Software
Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
Battery = Abnormal (special order); Must recharge often. Slower operation in cold weather.
Indoors pictures not always the best.
Only holds 10 envelopes
Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer support.
Rechargable battery extra, small flash
Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
Hard To Use, Not Nearly As Clear As Other Cell Phones In The Same Class
wireless web access pricey, battery easily detachable, small means it's easy to misplace or lose
nothing
Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
Paper curling
HAVE TO PAY FOR GAMES
Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
no additional lenses, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
No zoom
Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
had to download driver
Downloaded ringers much quieter than embedded ringers, poor voice quality, battery life.
Squeaking Wheels and bulky
havent found a bad thing yet
Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
none
not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
Uses ink quickly, often prints poorly
None
Design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
would recommend having a flash for the camera
Low Resolution
Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energizer bunny?
Speaker phone woes, battery drains like mad when on analog mode
Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
Not Much
Can be hard to open and close.
bad phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
Charger connection fails. Known issue. Out of warranty.
low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult to access, zoom is temperamental
Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
None
a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
can't have vibrate and ringer on at the same time
Really should have the vertical grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
I can't think of anything wrong
silver paint covering, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to see in sunlight, silver paint
Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
None, really!!!!
No long zoom for it
Navigation of menu
USB setup is difficult.  Very still cardstock may be a problem.
ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
Flimsy antenna
None
A lot of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
Nothing major, except perhaps recovery time
Slower than average speed, paper jams
Good Pictures
price
The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
Short battery life.
manual lens cap
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Poor picture quality and size
Still see crooked prints sometime...
Don't forget to hit color or black to actually print!
Slow
No games, Wireless Web
Harder to find than newer flip-phone models
Parallel port support questionable, pricey
jams paper and uses alot of ink really fast
ALWAYS IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
Doesn't come with a case.
Poor color reproduction, high battery use
The technology and memory space!!
Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
none stands out.
Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
Terrible resolution!
Price, software, no usb
Paper jams. Fax misleading
If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show minutes used while talking.
can be tricky to learn how to use
Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
cost of Olympus branded AC adapter
battery
Lack of self-timer.
Poor quality assurance.
Poor backlighting; Heavy
Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tones, no download capability.
Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text.,
Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, phone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, hold on tight.
Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
none
accessories are over priced
none
People might laugh at your love for the inanimate.
Big size
none as of yet
Can go through batteries quickly, should have a larger CompactFlash card
no sound in the movie mode
serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
No USB
The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
Weak flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
Outdated
Dumbest manual known to mankind, difficult address book, little support
The nozzles clog constantly
Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
None yet!
Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy your phone is.
Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
You need lots and lots of light to use this one.
Frequent crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, not a business tool.
Inferior sound quality.
No Speakerphone
Lack of zoom
Flash a little weak, Need a decent size memory card
expensive
None.
Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
lack of optical zoom, clarity of viewscreen
price
Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
slow
but it's really hard to steer and very heavy
None so far.
little pricy
none
Goes through batteries like mad.
Fast, accurate printing, versatile
Don't expect to get crisp 8x10's, not a lot of zoom capability
Short battery life, Connection problems
No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
heavy, too big
Limited accessory bundle
Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
No accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
Signal, Battery Life
Time consuming menu, plain looking, no extended battery
Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to keep images
Cost and complexity of instruction book.
a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
none
Speaker needs more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
No zoom, no flash, bad viewfinder, old.
size of cartridge
Camera is sufficient.
goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
Ink cost prohibitive
Price Can Be a Drawback
somewhat bulky in size
Average speed, low paper supply.
none
1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
none
none
Lens doesn't Last.
text is grey
none that I've found
Battery life, slight loss of quality in low light, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
Terrible reception
battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
Can't be networked.
It's loud
Date Imprint is not automatic
No speakerphone
None
A little expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
toner is expensive
Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery Life
NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
Average print speed
To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Constant replacing and cleaning, very noisy
Takes up most of your trunk space
Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay dark until snapped.
Lack of Features
I haven't found any yet
Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc.
none
none
slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
Average color printing quality
Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Only 8 mb Smart media card included
Size, battery life, BAD, BAD software.
TOO thin   battery cover pops off when dropped. Using wired headset requires adapter.
Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
Fragile Sliding mechanism, Manual focus is a pain.
15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
no video recording on it
Limited optical zoom
No Parallel or USB cable included
Ink runs out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
Have to buy a vibrating battery.
Slightly less durable than expected.
Takes up a lot of space on my desk.
size with extra battery
No more excuses for not running
Price, Ugly Colors
too big, no alarm, no games, no battery life,heats up, slow connect to network
I haven't found any yet.
Some advanced features are not easy to access quickly.
lack of support
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
none
Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
Doesn't hold up in the long run
Brother does not have the best reputation
1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
I am at a loss as to where to begin!
Terrible fax machine
None that I know of!
Short battery life, weak vibrating alert
Small, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
Difficult to maneuver, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
8 mb SmartMedia
bed
can't use earphone functionality to fullest extent
Third party covers are crap.
Pages print slow whether they are black and white or color. The quality is poor.
red eye issues, minor image softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
Little hard on Batteries
Original drivers, amount of ink too small
It will leave you wanting for a better resolution
You get what you pay for
only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
costly (initial and maintenance)
Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
Chip Failures
Short battery life
battery life, ugly looks, bulky
Bigger than the StarTac Digital
too small, fragile
Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
Eats up ink fast
size
Battery life
Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
The door for the memory card slot *appears* to be fragile.
not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
battery life and stability of OS
No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
Only 8-1/2" width
Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., ,
No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
Lacks Features
Battery life
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
Ugly Case that cost extra. #13; #10;No expansion module slot.
Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
slow speed, poor low light performance
Slow and noisy.
Some people may not like viewfinder
Ease of use
Slow response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
New so not too many Accessories
Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed light conditions
pricey cartridges
Low battery life, not as many features as higher-end analog, feels funny in hand at first
Absolutely nothing!
Weak battery, bad reception, LCD screen goes bad
Difficult to manuever amp;#13; amp;#10;Can be Bulky
Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
uselessly slow for text messages,
Calls not clear at times...battery goes pretty fast, too.
Setup is non-intuitive using front panel.
Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
Not for Alkalines.
Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
rain cover is not attached, handles could be a bit more ergonomic
-Weak Vibration
The packaging is more than is necessary.
Price
of course it doesn't have all the modern features
Case, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general lack of buttons.
complicated
slow speed, paper jams
Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
Bulky, LCD hard to see in bright light, grainy pics in low light, flash burns
Print head is not part of cartridge and , this printer tends to get head clogs.
Take long time to process between picture
none
eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
can't sit on back while front is reclined fully
Lens has not cover, has problem with lint on lens.
Little larger than expected.
Battery life, reception, AT T Wireless
low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
size and look of the phone, too many features may confuse the non-techie types
autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
SLOW
Sometimes weak signal, even on interstates . . .
Everything
Too heavy, manul features not worth the extra heft.
Battery life after several months!
Very poor software
Slow response time and screen freezes
Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
No optical zoom
ridiculous noises and long wait time before printing begins
expensive for extras
Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery life
Frequent paper jams, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
Don't like extending antennas, listening is more difficult than it should be.
could be slightly complicated
Um. Not That Many Pics!
Not easy to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes out
Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
a little hard to open/close
Ink cartridges are pricey
Somewhat expensive, bulky
battery is not great
Address book
The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
Simple features, some corrupt shots, dock costs extra
Annoying features, very confusing
Not good for use in tight places
no zoom, small memory card
Battery Life soso. The battery gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet features
Can't find one yet!
Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash card.
battery life is average
Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler destroying annoyances
A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
Just a little awkward in the trunk.
If you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
Don't even bother with the flash it's tricky.
For this price it's more than you can ask for.  No complaints.
extremely poor images
It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
Proprietary Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
No manual control, poor low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
Pricey color cartridge, sometimes too much printer for average user (check 932C also).
Terribly low volume
Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in print jobs.
Expensive
Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
Camera is sufficient.
A little big
Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read in bright sunlight
Size, options, display
buggy driver
eats batteries when using flash
Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
Battery life, screen in daytime.
A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
Seems to be a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'.
mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
I dont have a con
Haven't found any...
Pricey printer and comsumables
Good luck trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
Battery usage, slow to charge
Not worth the money
None
Slow, ungreat print quality,  lt;b gt;printer cable not included lt;/b gt;.
could use a more durable antenna
Small paper capacity
Prints don't last unless "under glass."
4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
Flashlight is somewhat uncontrolled
OFFLINE
Flash reload time
Flimsy, scratches easily, muffled speaker, Sprint PCS
Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
Abysmal repair support
low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
not quite the pro camera
If you forget about it, it might end up in the washing machine...
4 Mb memory stick
3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
Shakes our Desk when printing
Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
Ink runs out too quickly, won't print from handheld devices
Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
Small storage basket and price
Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
Expensive, large, heavy, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap shots
The battery does not line up with the compartment.
The verticle paper feed goes defective in every machine with time
No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
Having to store and print pictures.
Chokes on large files  amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
user manual
Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
price
The alarm isn't that loud
Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
TERRIBLE battery life
Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
Available Only Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
slow sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in lines
Cheap
High cost of ink replacement  amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
print quality not a crisp black color
Not great under low light conditions
none
This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
none for my use  - maybe for use with PC
Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
Have not found any.
Everything about the customer service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,
Scanning items
Thick, Battery, digital viewfinder.
Lack of advanced tech...maybe
battery life
big, flash pics not-so-great
Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, heavy, small phone book.
Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
none
Price
Not a lot of features, screen uses battery power quickly
Sometimes slow to start printing as printer cycles through cartridges.
None so far for me
None so far
Manual feed is a pain.
Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
Annoying antenna and mushy keys make up short con list
Single copies take forever, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
The menus are a little bit annoying
Battery Life
There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
none
slightly expensive
no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
Somewhat Difficult To Open With One Hand
Minute usage goes fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
Good GPS functions require additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
none
none I've found
none
Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
cost
battery life is not long enough
None to date
Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink goes!
Screen  quot;dimming quot;, time and date memory, battery connection
too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
No Viewing screen on the camera
Only comes with 8 MB memory card
a bit flimsy (but who cares?)
No color display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM support
refurbished warranty, battery
Screen brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, battery life weak
3-hour talk time.
Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD mode
Still too noisy,  lt;i gt;These cartridges cost how much!!?? lt;/i gt;
None!
The toner cartridge is difficult to find.
Antenna on this phone isnt any good.
Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
features limited and not VCAST compatible
Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.
ribbons a bit pricey
Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
expensive accessories; voice command isn't very good
bad paper loading, bad customer service
Came with Out-Of-Date Software
Size
-Bugs in MP3 player
Seems to get warm after 20 min of talk time
Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture taking, mediocre picture quality.
Battery life is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
Somewhat difficult to learn to program
No zoom
Ink prices
Short battery life
A bit heavy to carry around all day.
heavy, a bit bulky
low battery life, not very loud
Buy disks, expensive.
Already broke
Can't figure out how to log out and in on web sites once logged in once!
No shutter speed or aperture control.
Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
No USB interface, small smart-card
cheap
The cartridges are costly! But there are some places you can get deals on them.
Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
Screen could be brighter.
doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
The T28 World as well as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
price
Poor quality pics. amp;#13; amp;#10;Flash poor. amp;#13; amp;#10;Long wait between shots. amp;#13; amp;#10;Customer service is horrible. amp;#13; amp;#10;
No cover for the LCD screen, ZOOM
poor ISO400, control response not so fast
battery starts to die after about a year, but is easily replaced
not the best quality
costs more than reg. camera
No back-light at night, No external caller ID, Very small keys
Battery Life  amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
A few fairly minor hiccups
none
Pretty loud
NONE!!!
Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing routine
Sleek design, battery life
battery gauge needs re-written.
Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
pixelation in pictures
Battery gets pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
a little noisy
None
Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
Display won't turn off in "IMAGE" mode.
smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
Poor reception due to internal antenna
The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and tear shows
Stock Battery life is terrible
no
cheap casing, 16MB card
Doesn't work with all USB Cards
The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
None.
Had to buy extra memory stick
If you feed all different kinds of paper like I do, it has trouble feeding.
A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
No speakerphone,
Step down from Motorola V400
toner expense, dust
my 4th canon in 3 years
Custom battery, 16 MB CF card
no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
no optical/digital zoom in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, battery dies easily
Too Big,
Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
Small LCD, long exposures on some pix, mic on movies not great
Expensive Cartridges with anti-refill chip.
Slow First Copy, Not Color (inkjet), Small Document Bed
a little awkward
Goes through ink like a hot knife through butter.
Slow LCD display
Looks Cheap, Not Overly Filled With Extras
difficult to get in/out of the belt clip.
could not get it to work.   Software is slow
kinda weak flash
Proprietary Memory/ small memory size, Proprietary Battery,
Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
none so far
It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
Flimsy
None that I'm aware of
A bit too loud
everything!!
Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
No real zoom, slow to download
Low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
The reception is not to good.
No case, have to buy battery separately
Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty
Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
can't think of any
Pricey, no analog ability
Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other flips hard to see in daylight
No web support, short battery life
Red Eye with flash.
Little Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
battery life could be better
only 12 pictures when using high quality
none
Occasional dropouts and toggle button hard to maneuver-- very tiny!!
Bulky
emphasis on blues  amp;amp; greens
bad zoom
menus are hard to navigate sometimes
Battery life
So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not  amp;quot;sturdy amp;quot;
movie-mode has no sound
Size too big for some
somewhat pricey
none!
Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
a bit large and noisy
Nothing at all
Service charge to use many of the advanced features.
flash, theme options
No view finder
none
View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
Web Interface Slow, Font Size Frustrating
wheels hard to move, expensive
-limited storage, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
none yet
Some technical difficulties!
A bit slow
Need a lot of light
None
a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
None
non-durable, rough, clumsy
Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
movies need lots of light
Bad voice quality by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
Aborting, centering
somewhat slow,
Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
plain design
no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. can't get the web
Verizon
Configuration conflicts
Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
some might not like antenna and small buttons,its better then you would think
expensive, and short battery life
Can be a little "too" small for big hands
Poor interface
Poor resolution
Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
Expensive.
Hard to read display
Scratches easily, small keys, ring not loud enough, erasure of text messages
Watch out for the cost of supplies!
A few fairly minor hiccups
Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is low.
Everything. Except that it's blue.
battery life is short
Jack of all trades, master of none!
All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
handles are too short, not very robust
Loud
Style
none
Weak flash, very slow response when using redeye reduction
Battery Life needs help.  Verizon service not as good as AT T. Occasional Reset needed.
no MPEG mode, big
Ink
No RAM
high price, poor software
Vulnerable LCD
A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
There really are no cons to this printer
single color ink cartridge
Only 9, boring, ringtones. Cannot download more. Poor battery.
Costly prints, Battery eater
No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
none that I can find
None that I have found
Honestly, none at all.
Lousy photo programs
You can't change the face plates
Quicktime movie feature could be longer
cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
uses lot of batteries
attenna
It shakes a lot when printing.
NONE
Low resolution, quirky file transfer
4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
not good for color printing
Buttons are close together and smallish.
awkward to open til you figure it out, battery life, opening case
None Noted
Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
None so far, really !
Keylock necessary to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs side volume adjustment.
Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface issues, battery life per charge isn't great.
Still can not turn off Caller ID
Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
below average battery life and a few others
Small memory card, marginal battery life
Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
Lens distorts, resolution is low, needs lots of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
slightly bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
Priced a bit high, but now well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
a simple point and shoot camera
Heavier than some cell phones.
none!
Not always user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
Phone seems to heat up
takes a few seconds to take the picture
Pricey
Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; phone network patchy at present;poor manual
Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? Terrible battery!
Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
Did not come with a carrying case.
Turns itself off occasionally
no clock, bad menu screens, bad radio, connection, those rubber covers.
Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
Not Vision Enabled, color display eats battery life, many menus
Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
Ink cartridges are expensive.
Ink cartridges empty fairly fast
A price with looks that can kill. Can be easily scratched and dented.
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
A little loud, but worth it.
Should include USB connection
Can't see screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
None.. at all
Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
Large screen provides more area to get oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
None that I have found to this point
Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
Joystick can be tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
None!!!!
eats batteries alive
No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
We never use our 35 mm anymore.
none!
Battery, Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
None yet.
Black and white
Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
small control wheel, image quality control
camera,video display,
small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
Smallish paper bin.
reliability
Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help
Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
1. slowwwwwww ---- amp;#13; amp;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows--- amp;#13; amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
not digital
Side buttons can be a pain
Ink is consumed very fast, had some paper feed problems
Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker phone
Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
noisy, uses ink fast, unable to find ink replacements; etc...
Amongst others, the complexity and headaches encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
Cannot Network
SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
yellow light, loud
NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
LCD doesn't come on automatically
Loud, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in black.
LOUSY battery life.
Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
Software glitches, photos grainy.
Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
No Bluetooth!
Color ink cartridges are expensive
Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
not as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
A little too little
storage is limited to 1.44mb
Digital isn't film.
easy to brake, not childproof
Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
None significant, except that they're not free...
Battery life, no image editing software
It is not a picture phone.
Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
Windows 2000
No USB connection, location of memory card could be better
Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
Sometimes you forget you have it!
bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
Not for the inexperienced
Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
Needs bigger card, eats batteries
See review
errm.....
Not enough gizmos for  amp;quot;advanced amp;quot; digital camera buffs
No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display
Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
No in call timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
occasional light buzz
doesn't feel secure in the hand, bad hi-res video quality, Win98 problems
Jutting antenna, screen too small for web browsing
Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB card included, pricey
None found yet.
immediately requires cf card upgrade, limited zoom
Software can get confused
Usability: poor button placement and organization, poor menu system. Light on features
GETS VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
None
Micro SD connection, button functions, battery life
expensive service plans
a little bulky, flash is not automatic
none
Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Music Files Can't Be Used As Phone Ringers.
Ink hog, pay $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot stay idle.
Cost
One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
Very slow to warm up. Slow to initialize prior to printing. Noisy printer
no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, no games, etc...
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
These phones just are not reliable.
Nothing yet!
price
Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
weak flash, limited macro, limited software
You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
Speakerphone is not a great quality
Optical viewfinder not so good, price
Kind of noisy
None so far
MP3 music not supported
Chronic battery issues with this model
Small for a palm, large for a phone
A little bigger than some of the competitively priced phones
None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
Loud, picky
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
Slow in color,
eats alkaline batteries, need to purchase the power pack and extra battery; better outdoors than indoors
viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
Battery life, menu navigation
Slow serial transfer, short battery life.
Typical Nokia junk!
Eats batteries. No zoom
Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter,
1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
a little pricy, but not too bad
They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
limited to 5 resolution settings
quiet ring tone, downloads
Non-intuitive menus, lackluster standby time
Camera does not allow you to edit the photograph after it has been taken.,
Poor, uneven, print quality.
No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
no movie mode, relatively slow
Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
High price tag, slow printing on large format printing and high cost ink cartridges
Slightly ineffective macro mode.  Rather pricey.
Guzzles ink
Distance shooting isn't amazing
None
bulky, expensive
Cartridge system, flimsy design.
Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
none whatsoever
Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
Cannot think of one
waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
Chronic battery issues with this model
A little slow
uses batteries very quick
Fiddly menus
Horrendous legal sized copying
Quality was grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
lack of power? not enough for price
1) only 199 phone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
Memory is not upgrade able.
small basket
Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
Fragile due to small size, short lasting battery, easy to drop, not very sturdy.
Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
Battery guzzling
Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
Battery life, Menus, Speed.
It only comes with a 16MB SD card; only stores 11 pictures on default setting.
No Internet capabilities. Size.
feels a little inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
Picture quality is useless
It broke the first time I tried it
Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky,
Driver installment
Non-standard windows drivers.
no web enablement
Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
handle height, recline and basket
Won't take sony photocards.
Slow, not enough pixels
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
None that I have found
Ink cartridge carriage broke easily, long hold time for service rep.
nothing really
Short battery life, so-so indoor pic quality
Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
None of the software for printing or editing was compatible with XP.
expensive.
The ac adapter has to be purchased separately
Battery life not so good
Big  amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
Hard to find due to demand.
Doesn't come with a USB cable.
compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
Mine had quite a few quirks
No manual modes to speak of
Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No voice commands
somewhat expensive, minutes add up
no cable supplied
none
Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap.
Price, speed, ease of use, print quality
none so far
Could easily be lost, it's so small
Small paper capacity, small ink capacity, slow, print head built onto printer
No analog band, no speaker phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
viewfinder, red eyes
Not very sturdy, looks a little on the cheap side, expensive accessories.
VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
none at this time
Serial Connection
The ink cartridges are small and you must purchase the battery separately.
None
The atomic flash, memory
pricey, cartridges expensive
Innocent bystanders can have their souls stolen!
This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
None!
A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries loaded.
Sizeable, Heavy
accessories poor - no portable mobile antenna
freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries...
Battery casing is fragile.
Only comes with a 8MB Compact flash card and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicators
none
original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
none
VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
no provision for filters
No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
Slow, Bad Defaults
Speakerphone takes getting used to, but still alright
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
None
no T9 word bank
tiny buttons, small screen hard to see, no viewfinder, acceptable but not exceptional picture quality
None
expensive cartridges, has problems with using refill kits,
Price, not easy to steer one handed.
Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no MMS support
Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
Standard 8mb card, weak flash, short battery life, no case, small zoom, slow shutter speed
Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
No memory chip.
Battery Life, Voice Quality
Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
None
nothing
None.
Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
none
power button is hard to press, you won't need it often though
PCS Vision service should be free. Downloads should also be Free.
Zoom control
Would be even better with an optical viewfinder an a few other options.
Takes up alot of space, Straps are too short on carseat, Mediocre Stroller
It's so small, I sometimes lose it!!
Flimsy antenna.
lousy service in the Detroit area
size, cannot find it.
Weight, Size, Display scratches easily
Is does not work often.
slightly grainy prints.
Autofocus not as effective as it could be
Calendar feature is confusing
sound(sometimes)
short battery lifespan.
Cost
SHODDY quality control, cheaply made
Key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life. ECT...
Unsure about charges on internet connect   downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
no cover, learn to conserve battery
Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor quality.
just a little too small
Slow, clunky, confusing
Clarity is a problem.
None discovered yet
Slightly fuzzy connections;  lengthy recharges
noisey paper feed
It does what it's advertised to do and does it well--no cons here.
Hard to maneuver
Sound Quality (voice). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Hinge Survive Two Years?
none
expensive
Menu's are confusing especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
LCD gets nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
Drains batteries
no zoom, low resolution
serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
takes some time to program in extra programs
Costly
everything else about phone
not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
The Birdie:)
Cartridges are expensive.
Squeaky, Not so attractive
No USB support for Windows NT, screen position get nose prints on it.
Menu system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
Grainy images
cheap made, jams occasionally
Weak Antenne
Menu system is complicated
Pricey, HP name.
Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
Cost
Everything else possible
The zoom ring is not well-fit - has a certain play. Some red-eye problems.
Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
Poor Picture Quality, Breaks Easily
Poor reception, reliability, battery life, and sound.
Need a steady hand in low-light conditions
battery life bad and backlight flickers alot
EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 X 11 in., no auto-on feature
the included battery, but they give you a better one anyway
Battery life isn't as advertised
When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips open.
Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but you get use to it.
Clunky, retro design, flimsy port cover
Battery life.
Battery hog, poor LCD screen
This camera is very expensive and was a little hard to understand everything about it.
None to date
manual on cd-rom
A wee bit pricey
Not the highest definition print available
Could use better picture quality
Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent.
Poor Button Reactivity
deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
Slow, poor software, low paper and ink capacity
A real battery eater!
no support from sony
One 1.1 megapixels
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
Costly ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning heads
Only One Paper Tray
battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
Uses a lot of ink and needs to be used regularly.
Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.
Lens operation, firmware, shape.
Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
size
Software is bulky
none!
not a one
Large footprint. Be ready to give up some shelf or counter space.
Low native resolution, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
Slow turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, short battery life
Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
Poor quality; no backlight
service
Lots of delay. It uses way too much time to take and save a picture.
Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
camera is complex, resolution isn't adequate for really great scenary shots!!
A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
Eats Batteries
bulky in trunk
Stout shape makes it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
Earpiece volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
No Auto-Redial yet.
Low Resolution
Minor Software Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures
Only front wheels swivel, handlebar not reversible.
Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
None considering the price.
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
Customer care is a long distance call
Backlighting, numeric keyboard, phonebook
Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
AWFUL PERFORMANCE - BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE
Battery dies quickly
I really dont see anything wrong with this camera.
Still a little expensive
Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
No lock-out, price
Is first of its kind offered by Samsung - could use improvement
expensive
Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost   amp;#13; amp;#10;
A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too often.
Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
poor red eye reduction, short battery life, download problems
Screen 'bleeds'   customer service (for AT T as well) is below poor.
Antenna is awkwardly big, expensive!
None
Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small.
slow to start, slow to view pictures
screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
battery life, somewhat hard to use display
Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
poor software, serial connection, storage space
none
Antenna
Contracts are written for the company, not the buyer.
some features are not intuitive at a glance.
pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery life
Ridiculously tacky.
Accessories needed to operate well
cant think of anything
The flash reaction is slow.
Poor key board lock.  Poor ring and/or vibration volume. No called ID
slips out of hands occasionally, lacks all the latest features of nowaday phones
potential for paper skewing
poor quality in low light
proprietary battery
no problems
It whines.
Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
Have to hold the paper sometimes for printer to print correctly
TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
Need to study the protocols carefully, needs accessories, needs optical zoom
Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus,  amp;quot;Off amp;quot; positioning
Slow startup time, glitchy shutter release.
none
Requires somewhat of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
Flimsy antenna (maybe)
low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
See Review Above
... reception(maybe), backlight
TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
none that I have found
Only 2.0 Megapixels
noisy,
Bulky, not the best resolution
Heavy, big, not good for mall use
size, dark indoor distance shots
Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
Users manual could be a little clearer and more detailed.
small ink cartridges
Want to take pic's all the time
Goes through a cleaning type cycle every time you turn it on.
Very limited zoom, unflattering skin tones with flash, proprietary battery ni
hog battiers
NONE since the upgrade
No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
Not the best in any of the above
the quality of the pictures when printed
Battery life, Earpiece/Car Charger Set-up
No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
Slow call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
Zoom, LCD, color saturation
none at all!
If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
Battery, Phonebook
None
No touch screen; bulky; bluetooth glitches; keypad; proprietary memory card
Low power. Low talk time. IT IS NOT #G COMPATIBLE.
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Do you have big fingers? Stay away.
Slow and noisy.
remember to take lens cap off before shooting
Long lag time to warm up before printing.
Some features of the phone are not available
... When it wants to work
None, except if you want a camera phone and internet.
none
zoom a little difficult
ringers are a bit quiet,made by cheap plastic parts
The batteries run away very fast.
Everything
No Ethernet Port
Speaker needs to be louder, monophonic ringtones
no basket
eats up battery quickly
No phone handset
small storage area, no handle height adjustment
barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
Focus often fuzzy
runs out of ink quickly, brakes easily, feeds a lot of paper through at one time
Antiquate backdrop light, black and white, bad games
Small keys,average battery life
more expensive than many others
short battery life, no A/C adapter included
does not print like a laser printer
not good quality, can be too small for many people
None
Letters on keyboard are tearing off.
Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
Ring is not loud in public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
incoming call voice annoying
The phone is larger then the newest most advanced phones.
BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
Lousy reception; fragile handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side buttons
hard to assign onetouch dialing
NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
Prohibitively expensive.
Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
STILL HAVE TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
none yet
Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error code on second day out of the box.
a tad cumbersome
?
LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery life.
flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
Tempermental
nothing major
small battery
paper feed
?
Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
No Color Screen.
None
battery hungry!
cartridges a little expensive
Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
Ink cartridges not sold in every store
Pricey
Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much.
Poor shutter control, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures using natural light indoors.
Ink replacement
loud and slow startup, ink consumption. low ink life
none at all
Poor flash, lack of manual options.
No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
Slow
Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
Manual could be a little more user-friendly
can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
weight
2.5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
expensive cartridges
None
maybe a little confusing at first.
Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
Very expensive cartridges.
always claims to be out of paper
slow response in menus, keypad, low speaker and ring sounds, internal battery, etc.
Perhaps a bit noisy, compared to some inkjets.
Weight
Short battery life, no extra features
Clumsy Battery Door
1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to use
Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
None
Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
fare in low light conditions, flash isn't very strong
not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset provided
prints so good, you'll be spending lots of $ on paper!
Fact of not useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
Pricy and over-powered signal strength
I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
battery life, slow response from buttons
No timer!
only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
8 MB Memory stick is too small. Battery life is short.
No advance features and no lens protector
None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
paper feed problems
Need to reset time if battery is removed, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
Drops service a lot
LCD Is Not Colored Like Some Other Phones
I had to use mobile phones for 10 years before I got this one!
8 megabyte SD card does not store many pictures.  Count on buying more storage media.
ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
Not reliable
just above average picture quality, poor focus at night
slow-compared to 35mm, feature learning curve
Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
Cheaply made case,low battery life
short battery life, comes with no games, cant talk and charge battery
Large, paper feed problems
The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
Canopy, recline and storage basket.
Cuts out, lots of dead spot, phone just turns off
Battery life
Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always where I expect them to be.
Price of accessories
Smears ink occasionally
None really
No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
Slow first page, very big machine, expensive
You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
Back cover flimsy
Expensive?
Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
only supports up to 8mb.
Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
Can't think of one
only 8 MB media included, drains regular AA batteries quickly
Pictures are not that great in low light
a little expensive
Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
customer service takes FOREVER to get ahold of
Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freezes.
Lack of features make this phone a bad buy
battery problems, phone malfunction
Battery, Minor Issues (see below)
A little slow sometimes; costly ink cartridges
None
Doesn't actually work
Buying the ink for it.
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Battery drain, com port only, NO ZOOM,
no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
Grainy in low light.
heavy, confusing set-up
price, resolution, storage drive
Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
None
Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
No speaker phone.
No zoom, no removable storage device, not good for scenic or long distance photos, uses up batteries quickly
Wish the price were lower
Overall quality lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
See Below.
Short battery life, Chrome scratches off easily
Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
none
Batteries
too big in size to fit into any pocket
less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
For USB port, needs additional connector not included
Slow photo-quality speed
Limited features such as no speaker phone and no web-browsing, extremely sensitive to water
no games, awkward menus
I find the V60t a little confusing and difficult to use.
Ancillary services are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
Sony Support is Horrible at best!
Optional leather case hands-free plug hole doesn't line up well.
Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
Bad reception, not much memory.
Dim Screen in light   no Voice Command
Battery life isn't great, BUT acceptable
battery life when using flash, supplied media card stores 7 images at max image quality
Poorly written software
Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
none
You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
power cord comes loose sometimes
Propietary batteries, poor battery life.
Cons: Sometimes pictures have too much red to them. Zoom is not very good either. If you are not real close to subject, picture is blurry.
The directions for downloading pictures are wrong.. causing slight frustration
A little bit bulky, the buttons are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
Short battery life, limited zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
Voracious battery appetite
Paid a lot more just a few years ago.  Hard to adjust volume while using.
pictures have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
bit large, and loud paper feed
none
Bad reception, battery slides off too easily, doesn't always ring
8 MB Memory Stick is small
big size, uses inks fairly fast.
colour cartridges are expensive
Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
A little bulky and a little heavy
Eats AA batteries.  Not cheap.
camera doodad sucks, slow, frustrating, battery adapter sucks
autofocus takes too long
No magnification in manual focus mode and camera locks during TIFF file writes
Price
Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone looks stupid.
Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
Nasty... very nasty final results...
Software
Too Bulky
Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Average print quality, somewhat slow.
print margins
Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
should come with a charger for your vehicle
Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
Basket is not easy to get too! Needs a cup and bag holder for parents.
No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera quality
took forever for HP to figure out the problem
Still not a good deal
So many features I haven't had time yet to figure them all out!
the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
Weak antenna that is easily broken.
Some buttons can get stuck, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not available online.
To small battery, weak flash,long time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
Slow and loud - well, louder than my previous printer.
ink monitoring software not as accurate as it could be
No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
Only available through one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
Only 9 rings, the casing is easily scratched
Doesn't come with a case, or a larger memory card.
No USB connectivity - camera discontinued
unstable software.
Horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
Not for iMACs
Limited Features
Floppy Drive, Sony, Warranty
Flimsy Straps, small adult cupholder, very difficult to steer and turn.
Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. Slow USB connection.
paper handling can be tricky
Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows XP, etc.,etc.
VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
small screen, hard on the hands
none
A few minor tradeoffs
A little sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photos.  Tripod would be recommended.
Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
Can take some time to learn all the features.
Flimsy antenna, very basic
Poor reception from carrier.
Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine)
Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
Poor reception.
accidental squawks
Menu does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar models. Cost.
No optical zoom.
the price
do not try to refill cartridges
see through cover is easily scratched
Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
Remember to take lens cap off. Use of menus versus controls.
Very slow, odd (though quiet) printing sounds, unremarkable print quality.
no program to display pictures
Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
Should of made it come in several colors along with the teal.
No interchangable lenses
eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
earpiece/microphone attachment
Small glitch in the screen
Extremely short battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to see display.
None
Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small memory card
none
None as of yet
Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
SD cards are expensive
Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
A little expensive and no WAP browser
Ink doesn't last long
Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
Still a little noisy
menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
9 Minutes to Print a Page
battery use, no zoom
discontinued
Mediocre low light/high speed performance
appears fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
No zoom, eats batteries.
Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
not very fancy but ideal for most people
Photos have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network support.
A bit pricey for some
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
price, odd shape, flash shadow in macro shots
It goes through batteries to quickly.
non yet!
Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads clog all the time.
Beware of early phone crash
Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
- none
Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
Eats batteries, BLAND PICTURES!
Horrible for voice calls - only the most important feature!
Constant Jams, most of which are difficult to remove
No industry standard headset connector.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
none
Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   The fact that I have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
Menus might be somewhat confusing
Speakerphone is horrible
battery falls out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
battery life, voice quality, and lots of bugs that need to be worked out
ease of use
COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
only certain cameras work with infra red device
screen is hard to see w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
none yet
*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
battery/CF covers easily breakable, short battery life, shutter lag
Average ring, Vibrates and then rings if set on both
Slow, often streaks and runs
Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
Low battery life, but still a good camera.
Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
Lacks features, exterior degrades
Shutter lag
SIM warm up is slow
battery life
Battery life is short and the 8MB CF card is practically useless
phone itself is pricey
Occasional "white spots", long recovery time.
not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), small memory card, battery life average.
no adapter or case
Quality is so-so, limited memory
None
cost of accessories, learning curve
Unbearable red-eyes and broken zoom in first month
Battery life, alarm mode, call log/history
Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
none
Problems w/software, Movies Don't have sounds, Lack of Usb Connectivity, Minor Problems!!
Still pricey, wrong printer picture shown by epinions at time of writing
Not very many faceplate options
Battery life, software is awkward.
The icons on the camera are hard to read.
few color choices
Toner cartridges are expensive
Poor Camera
slow, and expensive.
Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
not great for photo pictures
multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
display issues, wont make calls... etc.
Price, no digital output
For best performance, needs additional memory
Dark View Finder, Shutter Lag between Pictures, Limited Storage on Stock Card
The battery could be a problem for those who talk a lot.
Price, flimsy antenna.
Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
Ink cartridges are expensive.
Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features!  amp;#13; amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product. amp;#13; amp;#10;Few extras.
Discontinued (replaced by U20). Thirteen hours to charge batteries.
proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
Weak antenna, flaky software, only 256 colors
Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera cover, battery life
finding batteries that last!
Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
Oddly large antenna, it gets in the way
battery life seems short, needs bigger memory card
Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
annoying junk messages,scratches easy
Noisy.  No USB cable included.
Bit pricey
Not web enabled
It has few options like zoom.
No speaker phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the best reception.
Complicated for Beginners..
image quality is not very good and no flash
Accessories hard to find; fingerprints on cover; slippery keypad; hard to access charging port
Ink is expensive
poor performance
not a color screen, no bluetooth
difficult to type in email
did not work
longer telephoto would be nice
Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
Panaramic Only Works On Factory Digital Film.
Lacks features (hence it's cheapness), kinda big and awkward in size
Price tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL screen and stiff buttons
very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
The battery life like any phone isn't that great.
Susceptible to jamming
Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring tones.
Hmmm, any?
Doesn't work
None.
higher price
Nothing really
B  amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
None that come to mind.
Problems, problems  amp; more problems!
TOO SLOW..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer service
Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
Must keep camera at high quality settings.
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
none found so far, working like a dream
Not good quality on the photos, no storage
ringer, menus, reminder tones
Lens cover durability, LCD scratch resistance.
None
battery life is short (constantly recharging), only one zoom
consider something else for high output  amp; business use
Your best photo's will be bad.
Occasionally Locks Up, Bad Plastic Holster
Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
bulky frame and cheesey silver color
does not handle low light and distance very well
No USB, uses 2CR5 batteries
you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
4-way Navigation Button  amp; Proprietary Battery
No option for a larger battery...
Voice activation poor with background noise.  Might be too much phone for some.
Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
Very poor battery performance
expensive
Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction.
Zoom sucks, not for the professional
Nikon won't repair it
Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
Tiny multi-function keys for editing.
Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be longer...
None!
I have found no problems with this phone
Without the software, you can't utilize all the features.
not the most attractive model
Didn't find any.
Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
None
Not for very serious photography.
Nokia's poor CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have phone replaced
A bit bigger than my last inkjet, see review for dimensions
Still too many features for me
1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
None
Not a single one
Very slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
Poor   static filled reception, short battery life
Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
Noisy loading. Gray color.
Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
Why do I get this random form feed?
A little loud.
very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not much memory
Large form factor, no hot-shoe
sometimes the network port needs to be reset (not an issue for most home users)
Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
None
Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these days.
heavy
Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
Cost of Cartridge
8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy. amp;#13; amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
None
pricy even with recent price drop, battery life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
That flip!
cheap
Is the worst phone EVER
None
some paper loading properties
Paper feeder gets crazy.
Read the article for the cons of this camera.
Not too fast
Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
None yet
Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
Haven't run into any yet.
Signal clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
Poor documentation, expensive ink cartridges
Everything
Zoom button is in an annoying place.
too small for big hands
Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
Small keypad, sound quality, battery capability
Frustrating to an extent.
Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
None
Slow color printing, expensive toner.
*Sometimes slow writing to Memory amp;#13; amp;#10;*More buttons would be helpful
usb support lacking
a whole lot
Screen fonts are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
dull text
Hey HP, double check your software.
battery power
no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
Battery life, flash card eject
Weak flash, poor battery life
Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
Can't download ringtones.
camera is crap in the dark.
a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
Battery life overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security lock.
Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
buttons close together, dropped calls, freezes up when using text, battery life short
Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/vibrate not separate settings
not as small as normal one child strollers, not a great harness system for older child
A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye reduction mode doesn't work very well.
Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light,
Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
Very ugly and bulky and hard to use.
scanner only feeds not a flat scanner
None Yet
NONE
No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
What is not bad about this phone? everything!
Size
good looking,widely connected and easy to use
not enough designs
would like a bigger CF card
use of features, batter life
Poor Picture, cheaply made, not reliable, high battery drain
Subpar in ALL phases
Not an easy to use camera for beginners, quite expensive
Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
SLOW, SLOW, SLOW!
Battery life, RINGER, Durability
Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
Menu display right in the middle of the wallpaper, Battery life, Weight, individual contact info.
Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
The manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap could be better
Lousy antenna set-up. See review for modification advice.
a little bulky
Talktime, lousy menu navigation, useless features, cost
Short battery life.
Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of entering in info is confusing but optional
Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, pricey
Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
none
Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
Installation and software CD.
buttons very small, power button inconvenient
Case design, included software
It does cost more money then others.
Very unreliable
Weak zoom, battery
Small size takes getting used to; No color.
no usb cable! doh!
Hands-free receptacle plug just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when talking
somewhat fragile, not top-of-the-line resolution, no interchangeable lenses
Documents tend to fall after printing.
Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
Some menus are difficult to navigate
User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
footrest way too high; wobbly; does not recline well; expensive; small basket
Questionable Durability, Flimsy Antenna
16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
It's a little noisy when it begins to feed the paper through.
Slow and hungry, no USB cable included
The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
no carrying case, battery autonomy.
none
low volume
seatbelt is not the greatest, heavy to load
Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
Menu not very user friendly
As listed above
pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
No RAW mode
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
batteries are expensive; user-interface could be better
No USB
No camera, non-flip, price?
Big, no case
Bad customer service
no instructions
small card, not easy to take candids at night
Poor battery life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
plain paper output not as sharp, slow in high quality modes
Macro mode rather unimpressive.
None
Price
It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
No synchronization with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
not enough internal memory
Somewhat lower volume on headset and earpiece, lack of ring tones included on phone.
Proprietary AC adapter  #13; #10;Can't download ringtones. #13; #10;no pc synch for address book. #13; #10;
lack of functions, confusing interface
Call quality, battery life
Terrible battery life.  Poor support.
As of 2/17/2001 there is a known crypto key problem with wireless web browsing.
None yet
poor reception, low battery life, big bulky antenna
COULD NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC.
Kind of big.
Durabilty, lack of zoom
little built-in memory, small Memory Stick provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
Crashes, loses data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
Bad battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
Serial sync cradle.
Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
difficult to find
Phone Book, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
Could not achieve focus in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
Battery life, lcd screen
Battery Killer, A little bulky
can't think of any
Cost
None unless you don't like disks.
Antenna breaks
Somewhat slow focus times, price
ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
none that I can see
Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
The camera absolutely sucks
Lens cap,Slow Startup
Loud when feeding paper.
Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
nothing
average picture quality, bumping side of phone can cause ring setting change
Slow
Analog
price and ink prices
sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
battery!!
poor print quality
At times awkward, due to size
Big
weak flash, no optical zoom
very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
Poor battery reporting by the camera.
none
long term reliability unknown,
~none~
nothing
Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
speed, paper jams (all the time)
none so far
Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
2 megapixel would be nice
People will be jealous.
Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
This thing eats batteries alive.
the antenna bends, and then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not fully customizable
Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
Low earpiece volume, poor menu keys, low battery life, fragile
Price... back when I bought it.
ink price
poor paper handling makes this unusable
None
Zoom feature
Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels cheap.
Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Doesn't switch from digital to analog well.
Not good enough for professional artists.
sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
Sometimes turns off by itself
some parts especially the antenna break often.
I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
Price could be better
signals, clearity, and many others
3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
None that I know of...
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
None really, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
Low quality, not for taking important pictures.
Too many to list.
Few, if any
perhaps the tiny keys but not a real issue for me.
Only Canon brand paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
Screen TOO dark during sleep mode,
None
disk compacity, photo lag time.
Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
Optional AC adapter
breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
Still only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
Needs a larger display   more ear volume.
None yet...
Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
low quality
Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
heavy! difficult to open and close
Small buttons, Difficult copying SIM card numbers to Phone, Battery Life could be better.
bulky,  storage difficult to access
No Newer       with 5 Meg Pixels, Out of Production
No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
touchy
costly customer support
Takes up a large area on desktop
Bulky,
Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
Poor text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
could use a better zoom lens
Small CF Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
Camera seems cheaply made
side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
outlet door where accessories plug in is very fragile
The whole phone!
occasional water spot.
Not the best sound quality.  Can't download.  Unfriendly WAP interface.
You get what you pay for.
closer range would be nice
Control paddle a little fiddly
The instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are for..
Bigger than most cell phones
chunky, a bit unattractive
Time update issues, small buttons, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
Flimsy antenna
Poorer quality than some more expensive models
Flash kills batteries, bad with low light, no macro mode.
speed, memory
customer service leaves room for improvement
No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
Battery cover a little flimsy
BATTERY COVER VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
Antenna, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
See Opinion
Zero quality
High cost per page. Small ink tanks. Slow text output.
Cheap construction, confusing menus
Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
larger than old Lexmark
Expensive ink
LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
Very, Very slow
tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable faceplates
expensive
Color Cartridge drains quickly
pricey, bulky
unexplainable break downs
Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak signal at times
Loud feed tray, fairly large footprint
Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
1.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software weak.
Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor
bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
a little expensive
Slow to start.  Bloated software.
First few batches shipped with bad software
Gobbles up the ink cartridges
Battery needs charging almost daily
Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
the flash
red eye with built in flash
no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
big footprint. won't fit on a desktop
Macintosh integration appalling .
No games? Battery life might be a trifle suspect
not available in nursery themes
it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
Web Browser errors that lock up the phone
Large, heavy, wheels squeak
Price
No alarm clock
no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years old people.
poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
low resolution
None yet
Doesn't come with a camera case.  You will need to buy a separate memory card.
Slow shutter speeds
No legitimate complaints - one warning. See full review for details.
BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery life
Not many
Difficult menu system to figure out initially
-Dual mode
none i have encountered
Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
Vertical feed gathers dust; flimsy output tray
everything else
expensive, limited MPEG value
battery life suffers with regular alkaline batteries
No true zoom feature, less options for more advanced users
a little large...
Poor sound quality,cheap,not all of features
8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
rough, loud ride
Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
No preview screen
CLOGGED HEADS !!!
Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
very expensive ink jet cartridges.
Came with defective print head.
high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
flimsy case, too many problems
ghosting still occurs
voice dialing a pain
none known yet
can be slow on big projects
Noisy
Users' Manual, limited flash range
CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
see above!
must be careful and become familiar with the camera for best use
expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
Too Many Problems
Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed Capture Mode
Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is a little large.
performance, picture quality
bit of an ink hog, noisy
high price
Battery life could be better (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
slightly expensive print cartridges
battery monster
No USB cable included?  C'mon!
Well, it's cheap.
kinda heavy.
hard to handle for large hands and rather heavy.
battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
A bit bulky
Software instructions difficult to understand and implement
Supplied memory not enough
Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
dirt cheap
Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
poor battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
HAD TO BE FIXED
noisy, bulky, get dirty inside and needs to be cleaned
the darkness of the preview screen
Slow, Hard to find color ink in brick  amp; mortar
Stroller doesn't turn easily, rear wheel alignment problems cause it to drift
Expensive Cartridges
Quality is not as good as expected
Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
Toy bars!
looks cheap
Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
Buttons might be too tiny for some people, some static.
eats batteries
Goes through batteries very fast
Missing some cool things.
Large-ish
legal copies, have to pay for help
None
Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
none
sound was not so good
Eats Batteries, No Zoom
scanning software
none
...master of none.
Not durable, lasted less than a year
Very fragile camera. Only 8 megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
Some features difficult to access
doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
-bad red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
Support is the only downfall.
Small lens, limited manual settings
No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
driver support
Large dimensions, need good paper for printing
Software hard to install when using USB cables
toll number
Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
Screen scratches easily
TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
Uses a lot of ink. Roll paper is difficult to load.
Size, a bit flimsy
menu navigation too complicated, not enough "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
Very poor print quality after year of use. Cheaply Made
none so far.
Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
Jams constantly.  Terrible smell.  VERY expensive toners.  Toners cheap and fall apart in printer.
None
Price, Pixel Resolution
Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes quick.
Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be replaced
battery seems to run low quickly
A bit pricey
It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
takes too long between pictures, doesn't include adapter.
delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
Bad choice of ring tones, buttons noisy
memory card they give out is too small to begin with
Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
ONLY A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheaper generic refills!)
No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
Minor time-lag on scree when in camera mode
Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
None so far for me
Expensive
consume batteries
None so far
No bracketing mode, No manual Zoom
like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is poor compared to film
difficulty changing flash options
Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with it; 640x480 res has its limits
Pricey
No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
bulky when folded, kind of heavy
Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
Moderately noisy.
Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
None
battery life
I can't think of any
Software bugs
Not Photo Quality
Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
fair price but i hope they go down some
I haven't found anything I didn't like
No lens cover, not able to create movies or be used as a web cam
Everything!
Really nothing to complain about.
Can be noisy and takes a while to print once turned on
No Optical Zoom, Alkalines don't last long, watch for conflicts on initial set-up
horrible reception, weird audio problems, expensive.
none
easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
Battery doesn't last that long
No outside display; have to open to see who is calling
NONE
turns on and off at random, or mine does anyways.
Short battery life, pictures could be a little sharper
Low, Low, did I say low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
cost. alittle  high but  worth it
Poor printing quality; painfully slow
None in my opinion
Seems to echo quite badly. Battery life.
speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
None
No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
none
Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight.
Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
Short battery life...   :(
None found so far
expensive when it came out.
Quality
none so far
Price
Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad reception, the list goes on and on.
Slow to take a picture at times
Takes too much time to turn off
Had a hard time in figuring out how to use self-timer.
Slower than advertised
Not as small as some
ring tones,
tray easily scratched
Bulky
Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
roaming distance is shorter than most
Battery live, durability, ring volume and tones, after sales service
Complex setup, slow speed
Haven't found any yet.
Display gives out after about 8 months, easy to lose
Terrible picture quality amp;#13; amp;#10;easy to heated body amp;#13; amp;#10;
none
roams earlier than other model phones
can't think of one.
There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
Reliability
Standard battery life, might be overkill fo those who only want a phone!
there is not a silent mode, just vibrate, ring, and vibe  ring
The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
Indifferent image quality; very poor low light images.
not happy with battery use and zoom
noise
High ink consumption - cost of it
Phone is bulky, and Cover will break,
Pictures not the best.
WAY too expensive
nothing
Battery seems to run out pretty quickly.
None
Requires heavyweight paper for best results, small ink tanks
flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
Has difficulty with wite-out.
Not Worth It
Autofocus difficult in low light  amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close together
Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
Bad screen, bad ringtone quality, not many features, slightly bricky
Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
None
With 420EX flash the camera feels badly balanced
DOA, chewed paper, incredibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
Battery life could be a little longer.
Takes a little time to get used to
Bulky, price
Battery system, Slow download
bad resolution impossible to figure out
Phone book slow to load Sprint PCS not so reliable
Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
They should give you a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
You MUST use Canon's software program for the machine to work.
Material is not easy to remove, carriage is on the heavy side, and you need two hands to fold it up.
speed
Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
No alphabetized phone book
Not good when reception is low
No neck strap, flash could be better
Some chromatic aberration
Flash not too 'smart', software
Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
buggy software, poor battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
Update the flip stopped closing
a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
The big $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
No cons unless cost is a major issue
None
slow, wet pages come out from printer.
A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
Battery Life, Software.
text resolution
Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
mechanisms stick after awhile
Doesnt come with rechargables.
Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on paper quality.
Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet bleed.
A bit heavy, short battery life
NONE
I haven't come across any negative aspects of this camera yet
NONE =}
no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
Unreliable, slow printing
The speed could be better.
I price of jet ink is expensive
Battery Life, NO ZOOM
out of warrently will try a motorola next
No provision for add-on lenses or filters
Big and a bit over sized!
Quite a few--details in review.
Ring tones are not loud enough, internal battery
ate bateries
No zoom
SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult buttons
a bit pricey
bulky, scans black and white only, scanner not flatbed.
The battery life is a bit annoying.
Cost
does not have bluetooth
Lens cap could be lost.
Slow
cost if for personal use, otherwise none
Expensive Ink Cartridges!
Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
Cheap trays. Text quality could be better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
Battery,Display and Compatibility
Small fonts lose some quality
Awkward menus, bad holster, low quality for Motorola.
prone to crashing
None for the price
The price is a little high but its well worth it.
none that I have come across yet!!
Small display size
Special battery type, external charger, flash is weak
Price
Battery life, Bulky size, Camera resolution
umption
Preliminary setup was a little tough, but very few cons!
Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
Battery life/slightly dark prints.
Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
Canon's lack of going the distance.
gets VERY hot when on analog
High ink consumption, print quality with good paper, small paper tray
slow to load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
no through the lens viewing at eye piece
spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each name in phone book
Expensive
Palm OS and phone do not integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
No flash, no lock for shutter button,
You can't actually use it to make a phone call
High price, hard to travel with.
Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive
Jams easily. A bit on the costly side.
Slow in higher quality modes,noisy when loading paper, very slow to initiate printing.
The usual budget-printer stuff
Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
Some echoing when calling other cellular phones
lens quality could be better, shutter lag is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
$300
harder to fold
Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on sunny days, serial connection
Locking keys is a must
Not the best quality photos, a little slow with text
Expensive, some folks may find software confusing
Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
web browser could be more user friendly
none
reliability
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
Doesn't have a calendar or other fancy PDA like tools
Documentation
Bulky to transport
Cant  satisfy  everyone
No automatic turn on
Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
doesn't fold up the best
Horrible user manual, quirky menus.
ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
Signal not always great.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
Manual not good
warm up is slightly slow
Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
Lacks certain features and the charge connection is not very durable.
TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video,
Poor photo quality
battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
no flash, no zoom
Loud. Tall.
loud, slightly annoying install
Uses quite a bit of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
Squids
Powers off by itself THAT is the worst!
Could use more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
none
Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
fragile, ink expensive and need lots, needs frequent nozzle cleaning, must have all inks non-empty
Battery Life, A Bit Too Large
Color printing a bit slow
keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
none at the moment
small cartridge size
The reception could be a little bit better but that's true for practically all phones.
Poor quality camera.
I don't have any!
display is small, no clock
Expensive Printer cartridge
Bad reception in some places.
Low print speed
Some features are not entirely user-friendly
Low light pictures
Price
printer is on the larger size, paper feed is loud and startling
Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
lighting problems
batteries don't last too long
Lousy navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
Lint gets in screen
Poor Fuji support and very fragile camera.
None
Predictive text drives me crazy!
zoom function severly decreases pic quality
Slower than I would like
Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
Sounds Tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
Cartridges are around $26 for black and white, sometimes not so smooth
You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
not the best reception
Runs out of ink within two months if you print very little. Expensive cartridges
Shape takes a bit of getting used to.
None
comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support
none
Takes forever to snap a shot
Not a great camera for  amp;quot;artistic amp;quot; photography (landscapes, portraits)
Flimsy.  Below average quality.
slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
Slow photo-quality printing
Signal strength might be a little weaker than some, no belt clip with phone.
No car kit, fragile
very inconsistent, low print quality, slow!
Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take with.
Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
Don't like how slow it retracts!
None
Uses lots of ink, fairly slow
8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
The quality of the phone is bad and the quality of the service is worse
3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
slight big size and  no aftermarket stuff
color cartridge hard to snap into place
a bit expensive, but well worth it
None
Scanning requires you read instructions amp;#13; amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
Battery life could be longer.
Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
flip face gives and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other end; short life-span
Constant quality problems.
bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
Stingy compact flash, lack of ac adapter
Bad service
a little bulky, price
Expensive, signing the contract
Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
no zoom, uses batteries quickly
small screen for mobile web
everything
It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
Battery Life Low, Buttons Small
Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
slight menu lag, different battery size, battery life, headphone jack not industry standard.
Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
poor printing quality
Not real fast, small paper tray
battery-life
This thing eats batteries.
ear-bud only, long menu's to cycle through
Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to run.
Slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
battery life limited
Not so good in low-light situations.
Can't print a lot of graphics; customer service isn't great.
switching cartridges, not fast printing
Just about everything
Batteries die fast
There are better printers out there.
Menu system can be awkward to use at time...
Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
battery life
uses a lot of batteries
Design, bad colour layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo to it
Doesn't  have a swivel body.
None.
Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability average
housing dents easily, screen hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
none
battery life, component expense, picking up signals
Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer,
Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
Somewhat slow printing.
a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
It could be faster
not very durable
It doesn't fax!
breaks easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
assembly is difficult
My battery drains VERY quickly
Hard to take low-light pictures.
Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
extending antenna
4mb storage card
Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
Terrible Customer Service, Ink cartridges
Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
Color ink prints low quality images.
Haven't found any yet
Awkward turning on and off
ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
small screen, no WAP...
flimsy paper tray
Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
Poor Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
Color is good for a home unit, but not professional
Somewhat flimsy
N/A
Nothing I've found
Buttons Can Stick
Uploading hassle.  amp;quot;Techy amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
None!
Not a good choice to do pictures or color.
battery doesn't last long, phone directory is not easy to use
Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
no external caller id. charger cover easily lost.
You may need an exorcist.
Can freeze up once in a while
Doesn't ring loud enough
Somewhat limited battery life, but recharges quickly  amp; spares are available.
VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
cost of cartridges
still trying to figure out some of the features
Some may view as bulky. Battery life only average. Pricey.
No games, no custom ring tones
Too big.
expensive
Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to pay extra for music kit
Price
Battery door feels flimsy.
It's Broken right out of the factory!!
Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
Recharging battery takes forever
Expensive shipping cost
Doesn't use standard miniplug headset
Phone overheats when in use, died after 20 months of use
Cheap, as in junk.
Limited manual controls, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
None
Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
View finder obstruction... slow focus
Misleading advertising indicates compatability with NT; can be done but requires some expertise to do so.  Documentation is sparse and challenging to find in-depth answers.
None so far
Battery life is poor.  Extended battery is needed if using for games, web. etc.
No support for the future
Paper jams, slow
no USB or parallel cable included, fairly large footprint
Bundled software, cost of cartridges
um...... a little on the expensive side
None yet...
Not all that I can see.
Display contrast, keypad buttons new design.
Would not recommend this phone.
No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
Not a user friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
battery life short, camera easily scratched
none that I see yet
Heavy and bigger than most.
big size
not as compact as an umbrella stroller
Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
Bundle is a bit weak.
Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount
goes though batteries
Annoying bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small memory.
FAILED AS A MODEM
poor quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
not WAP internet compatible, no hi speed data transfer capability
Slow color printing, low quality
Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
Poor sound quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
None, other than they are no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
very large in trunk, not really for neighborhood walks
Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
Weak antenna.
The cost of replacement cartridges!
Can't think of one
Frustrating buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
You lose units if someone calls you.
none
Resolution, Cost
Picture view area gets nose prints
inability to communicate with pc's
Bad Software
No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
Stiff learning curve.
cartridges can be hard to find
Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
Technical difficulties/price/GSM only/does not work well indoors
Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
isn't voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer phones
Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
Slow
Slow
As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
No optical zoom
ink cartridges on the expensive side
none
None that I have found
No blue tooth attachment and no flash for the camera.
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing
Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
Little hard on batteries
Short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
Photos less quality than expected.
No LCD cover
Breakable, occasional poor reception
Big!
Poor reception. Awkward user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
GSM coverage, tricky stick, software
Relatively expensive print cartridges
Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
none found so far
Takes a little while to get the hang of putting together
oddly sensative controls.
Menu can be confusing, Lens cap
none
Battery life
paper jams
Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
Loud when printing, high price of replacement cartridges.
Yields Dark Images Occasionally
only supports Type I CF cards
LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
Bulky when folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
Like most printers, in warmer air pages clump together when feeding in
HORRIBLE signal issues, "quirks"
Average quality - display is poor
Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
A little slow, but for $119 who cares?
picture quality
Manual focus is slightly awkward; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included.
Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery life.
LCD screen
Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual controls
Big for a phone
A bit heavy
The paper manual is apparently written by someone who has never used the phone.
Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
I wish it rang louder!
Speed, clarity at times
Battery life on slim battery
Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
Small screen, sound quality are regular
Memory card supplied is too small
Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor support.
Cheap feeling buttons. menu button awkward to use. Slow reaction time
Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry
price
Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
Not very resilient
Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
Illumination kind of dim in dark light situations.
Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
Bulky
scratches easily
cartridges cannot be refilled, slow and noisy
CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
No optical zoom.
Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain,
Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
High-Res graphics are a little fuzzy.
Slow startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
poor low light quality
none to date
low light conditions. macro mode
Phone crashes (from time to time).
No bells and whistles, if you really need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low light. Batteries suck (literally)
Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.
Keys uncovered and there's no clip.
Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
Nothing yet
You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
noisy
Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
Nothing bad can be said about this camera
Dark indoor photos
none
Batteries run out very quickly
Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes Patience
Very expensive to operate.
Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
Stopped working within a month
Worst Interface Ever, Consistantly Drops Calls
none
Cost
The most important thing-reception-is poor
Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash amp;#13; amp;#10;
the cooliest
Power
A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
open front
Does not work as designed.
Product failure!
none
none
Ring signal volume is low and poor picture quality.
Haven't found any problems yet.
If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
None
battery Life
Bulky, expensive
Not many to speak of
heavy, look stupid
It may require some saving to pay for it.
No external antenna jack
MEMORY IS LIMITED.
Kind of pricey
Lack of available accessories
quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
Ink cartridges are expensive
Headset jack keeps dying!
New Technology is EXPENSIVE
Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It simply fails as an operable cel phone.
heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
battery life
Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
Slower than photo printers and cannot do edge to edge printing.
vibrate, voice name dialing
The antenna, lack of ringing tones
Rather slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
Color cartridge not stocked at all stores
Perhaps too small for large hands to use buttons, analog
you can lose it easy
Poor storage, expensive
Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
Could use a vibrating ring option.
Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
Not thrilled with the paper tray.
uses much ink, may be cloggy
Low volume.
Slow, Loud, did I say Slow???
Hard to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
No time and date in our area
Ergonomics
Due to a poor design, it has a high maintenance LCD that needs frequent attention.
The phone can not edit phone numbers straight from scrolling down the phone book.
Not enough memory
Very cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
lag time
floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
um. . . . I don't know of any
noisy, very slow, high maintenance
Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
A bit pricey
none for the money.
Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
Ugly, Sprint service, annoying rings
The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
autonomy; no manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no movie mode
Not the fastest or most powerful
Short battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
Eats up batteries, Has a problem with light control.
None so far!
Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
Epson does not support: has lines in output
it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
Speakers go out. Limited ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
On the noisy side
could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
Printheads dry up very fast.. and i need a replament
as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
Poor RF performance, slow menus, tiny buttons, more.
Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
slightly large to hold
I want to touch it all the time.
Price and speed
No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
small screen for mobile web
Can't set progressive volume rings, no picture caller ID, no voice activated dialing.
Slow printing, Tech support says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
Slow Printing Speed
delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
Not the best pictures. I expected better.
Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
Focus can be a little finiky in poor light conditions.
EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
The LCD is slightly off center
Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
Won't work well with older computers, support is difficult
The full feature and option list is a long list to learn!
I got what I paid for.
You can not complete the call most of the time.
Small buttons, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
Menus are confusing at first
No USB, noisy motor
battery life when text messages   talking, antenna   signal strength.
No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
not computer friendly enough; no included AC adaptor; no included USB interface
Picture quality, battery usage
little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens cover
Extremely poor quality.
Size, battery life, crash potential
Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, poor speaker, poor speakerphone.
Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
none
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
Requires thorough understanding of photography
a little big, have to buy two batteries
manual feed location, software
Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's rap)....
battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no side volume controls.
Original memory to small
Limit of 11 characters for phone book entry list display.
Small paper tray.
A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
not one yet
Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
money
poor reliability
Don't Change batteries, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to see in daylight
Mediocre Photo Quality; amp;#13; amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge; amp;#13; amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges; amp;#13; amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
Sometimes doesn't recognize your voice
Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to waste money
Somewhat large
flash not the best
a little on the heavy side when carrying
expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
Relatively Bulky
impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures.
sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
Expensive when accessories are added.
Big, Pictures Grainy
Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
Size, weight, lack of style and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
Software
Need the cash to spend on it
battery life, heats up a bit while in use, mediocre service(Sprint)
poor software support for mac
Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
Aftermarket charger voided warranty
Sound quality is terrible,
Bad lens...
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
Small memory, dreadful tones, limited camera
cannot download rings or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
very difficult to use, terrible picture quality
annoying power button, not small, erratic battery performance
Haven't  found any...................yet.
slow processing speed
Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, shape
17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
Freezes computer during several times during USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses battery up quick
Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes hard to see through
Antenna Breaks easy, lousy reception
not a "name brand"
paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
Only prints a few pages before it jams up
antenae may break off, no synching your address book with a computer
Eats batteries like a kid in a candy store, noseprints, slow software
No expandable memory, no Mp3, No Obex
2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
Terrible zoom, fixed focal length
LCD display wart
bad battery life, not so good resolution.
DRINKS INK!!!!!
Expensive ink cartridges, flimsy construction
Camera could be better
Hard to hold steady at 3 X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
Menu System, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, keypad buttons too small, poor display, overall poor quality.
Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
I do not have great reception,I am not sure if that is with the provider.
Price Range - Availability of Acessories
Large size
None at the moment!
Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
Cost of ink cartridges.
Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only so-so
You never know when the ink is running low
none so far
Learning curve needed to get proper paper handling.
No Zoom
needs hrs of charging; very bad reception; the color display is dull
Loud paper loader,paper falls off.
speed,speed,speed
Weak flash
Noisy!
cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level
No Bluetooth/IR
no movie mode
No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
Keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
wheels are too big
Uses a serial port connection to transfer pictures instead of faster USB
battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
none really.
Certain options may seem limited to some.
speaker can be a little too loud, must hold microphone a bit away
software does not let you resize pictures easily.
Comes with a small memory card.
None - OK, they removed Solitaire, but that's it!
It will cost you #200
the shot rate
No optical zoom
Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't ring
None
Hard to find replacement cartridges
Price, loses reception easily
Few design flaws #13; #10;Menu system still not as intuitive as others on the market
The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money.
software
prints slow
AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of heavy use.
Does not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket cover
- none
One sitting position
Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
Small base memory
price,size,materials,
Nothing I can think of
Quality concerns.
none
cost of cartridges, noise, profile
no gsp, have to buy micro sd card to use mp3 or camara
No lense cover.
Picture quality could be better
Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
Does not come with necessary cables
Not as easy to use as some other phones, evident cost cutting
Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
unreliable and no support.
build quality, external display bug
hard to see viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
somewhat noisy
Ring tones, ease of use, overheating.
It's big
2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
Not for the Computer illiterate
small basket
Noisy and shaky
You get what you pay for...and you get alot
Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print action.
so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
BATTERY LIFE STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
The high price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
does not work... get what ya paid for
not expensive enough!
Wish I had it sooner!
does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
There is really no cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still.
GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate your navigation
No MMS or coloured screen, memory may be lacking for some, monophonic.
A little slow, uses more ink than usual
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
the LCD screen drains batteries fast
no flash, annoying beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an uncomfortable spot
Flip style phone requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited battery life
Very Large for a Desktop unit
Flips open while in rotating holster if not careful.
3 text lines on display, bad battery life, none infrared port
Size is larger than film P amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
I go through cartridges quickly
image quality, battery life, usability
5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
voice dialing   speakerphone, color choice, size, wireless web
RECEPTION SUCKS! Slow interface!
Quite a few
expensive, hard to navigate menu
none- price depending on what you paid
The manual is complicated, plan on doing a lot of reading for full use.
Chronic battery issues with this model
Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
constantly having to re-charge the battery
hefty price
ink cartridges overpriced
Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
ear speaker, ring too soft
None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
Quick, but not FAST.
Battery life
Does not have the longest life
Unreliable, unusable images at times
Poor battery life, bad menu design/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
Small  amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
needs better PC synching   Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
Ink cartridges a little expensive
None that I can think of
No AC Power Included (?)
may not be adequate for  buisness use
Button size and delay between screens.
difficult to push if you are too tall
paper doesn't always feed properly
LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
Doesn't come with cables...you must buy yourself ( I suggest USB if you have win98 or higher)
Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
Battery life stinks, flash overexposes closeups, no zoom
tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories delayed.
Bad reception
Low Quality
Infra-red technology sometimes does not work the first try
prints only one sheet at at time.
Picture software is lacking. Docking Station S/B included with the camera.
None, this is the 'perfect' sports stroller
Shaky voice quality
flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
Battery, notification volume control, everything else
Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
Flimsy paper tray
Ink cartridges are too expensive and not always what you pay for
Why did Nikon shrink the LCD screen?  No RAW format.
Little talk/standby time; no good features
Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the plastic window over key pad
2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, lack of manual control, weak flash
So far no cons for me :)
none
May be more than some want to pay for a digital camera
Finding accessories difficult
flash adjustment
None that I found, so far.
isn't tightly integrated
Bit short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
You might miss the old photo albums at first, but you get use to it.
Doesn't come w/conecting cable
It needs reliable batteries, not cheap ones.
Larger than a credit card
Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
No address book, no Internet
small buttons
The pictures and movie take long to capture
Worst customer service anywhere.
Uses a lot of battery power.
Power button awkward to use at times
price of glossy paper for it
Bulky, no optical zoom.
tiny buttons--can't text with one hand
High price tag.
Supports 1GB MicroSD max, no USB port, terrible ringtones, strict java permissions, no voice dialing
Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
Bulky, slow organiser, hard to set up
Has lots of features, but there could be more
Eats batteries if you aren't careful.
TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink cost
Short battery life. No sound on video clips.
reception reads low half the time, and i get fine reception. can't download rings.
Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be Better
Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
first one was defective, easily exchanged
Software is useless, flash is awkward
Missing so many features
Really, really weak reception!  Can't talk while charging.
Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Display Hard To Read, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
Size.  No games, calculater, etc.
battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
Slow download from camera to PC
The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
Very Very Very difficult and annoying to use.
can not put any weight in basket on on handle or will flip.
not many features
None!
Mediocre reception, battery life could be better.
-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
LCD display sucks batteries dry quick
low speaker volume, relatively small display for internet phone
Takes a long time to warm up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
None
picture quality, no USB interface
no lens cover
No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
Price
Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
Price of the cartridges
Signal too weak, using it too frustrating.
Still an inkjet
some manual functions, battery life
pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
Auto paper feed doesn't work
hard to push and turn
Slower print rate, cost of ink cartridges
Color toner all in one cartridge.
Heats up a bit
As a 25 year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
No camera, not many features, no games
Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
Optical viewfinder, magenta cast in Auto mode.
No Flash, Display fades in Bright Light
needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
Not very fast
White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
EPSON DROPS THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
You May Need Headphones
8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
Too confusing, poor reception, too fragile.
Size, software
Flimsy paper tray, uninspiring bundled software, print heads not part of the cartridges
Nil
A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
shape, not the sharpest quality
none that I can tell so far.
Cartridges are expensive
redeye indoors, screen is prone to scratches
Can't think of ANY
I'll let you know....
Battery life not nearly long enough.
Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
Small display, no speakerphone
Build quality, dismal web access
lt;b gt;TINY LCD, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS lt;/b gt;
quality and customer service
too expensive, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
uses alot of ink
Battery dies fast
slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
slooooow, prone to every problem there is in the printing industry
Buttons are kind of small.
does not display the current time,  no games, no vibration ringer option
No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
IRda does not work with Palm Vx.
Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
waste space.
Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
big and bulky, takes up a lot of trunk space
poor quality
Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
not a great vibrate function
It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
No built in camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating ON/OFF button
Poor quality on voice, not reliable at all
Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
somewhat heavy
No Lens Cap. Shutter lags sometimes.
Only 100 phone numbers can be stored. No calculator and calendar. Is a bit bulky.
Low memory, USB problems,
Seat isn't good for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
Eats batteries like you would not believe.
Zoom needs some work
Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual assumes computer skills that a beginner may not have
Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
non at all
The zoom is not as good as the F707.
price, fairly heavy
flash is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
Update:  It Died!
None.
none
No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone book, questionable headset noise reduction, weak ring/vibration
Ringer volume WAY too low, poor user interface
Larger than expected
Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
small screen
short talk time
a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky travel
Features take a while to learn amp;#13; amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
Noisy drawn out start up.
Eats AA's like candy
large, expensive for individuals
none
The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
A little pricey
Flash doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer images (not big deal).
If your used to Nokia then this is very different.
Feeding mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
Battery Life
Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
Questionable build quality, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
not the smallest phone out there, standard battery has short life
Software is somewhat of a disappointment amp;#13; amp;#10;.
A little bigger than some people might like.
unclear pictures, wait time, battery use,
Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual controls, weak flash. All plastic construction.
Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
memory stick is expensive
Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
4 months and it died
Easy to lose
Accessories and parts are hard to come by.
Ink consumption, no parallel port
too hard to install
Not enough towers
You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
scratches and cracks very easy
pricier when we bought it
ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
None!
location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
Battery life, accessories
very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow.
Not too many options
"One paper at a time please"
very slow
Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
Quality control is lacking
None
Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no color screen
Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
Auto focus is slow, VERY short battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feels "plastick-y")
weight
if any, would be that ink goes fast
Small battery life
Printing is Slow and a Bit Loud
High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't hold the phone
Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus.
ink cartridges don't last long
slow, limited zoom, software
Menus not as good as Nokia
none to date
Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
Lack of side controls. Extra battery or headset required for  gt; 60 min/day talk time.
Costs extra to save onto computer
battery after a LONG while
somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick control
quite expensive but worth it for the quality
Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
Ink Tank Capacity
?????
a bit slow
Not many
Probably not as good of resolution as some other leading digital cameras..not for the Professional Photographer...
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
Have to have lens cap opened to view pictures on display mode.
Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
Some of the bundled software was useless to me.
suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
its cool and cute for now until i mess it up.
Unreliable, awkward menus and side buttons
The Cost $$$$$$$
no voice-dialing, games could be better
They are bulky
Image quality not as good as my amp;#13; amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
Poor quality pictures, High power consumption, Low memory size
Not reliable
Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
consume ink like big SUV's with gas
hard on batteries
Slight lag between pictures, Not much software, Uses XD memory cards
no vibrate feature, no VM indicator
inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
Scratches easily (needs case
Envelopes catches against output tray during output
Print head only last months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly.
Slow print, Average Quality
Camera shape a bit awkward, some pictures come out too dark.
Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO
Car charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, screen scratched up easily.
2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
Not the latest phone or technology.
short battery life
everything else, not durable at all. short term use.
Not as cool as other cell phones on the market.
Terrible pics in low light conditions, no LCD indication for battery charge.,
Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
None
Resolution is higher on the BJC-8200
Size and reception.
LCD not useable in bright light
Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
Can not see ink level in cartridges
Battery Life
A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a bit difficult. #9; #9;
RECEPTION!
Frequent reinstalls of software to correct glitches, extremely noisy during high resolution scans.
IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
Sound quality, reception, usability
cool
poor battery life
Included Batteries Inappropriate
Fragile, Very Fragile.
Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech support is obtuse
battery energy vampire
Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, poor service
Speed, Ink Cartridge
Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
No Vibe option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
For new users will have to practice to understand features, big time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
Small keypad, no external caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not for a lady's bag obviously.
Poor image quality
You have to press the on/off key hard to turn the phone on
earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, no cover for camera lens.
everything else
Lens, Battery Life, Tiny LCD
expensive battery amp;#13; amp;#10;lens does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
Price
A little heavy
Battery Life.
Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
User manual, menus not the most friendly
Only keeps length of a single phone call in memory. (not always a big deal)
Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
No clock (what were they thinking?)
bad reception w/some plans in some areas
sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set right, interface awkward in places
Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
Not have a memory card to replace.
loud, uses a lot of ink which is expensive
reception could be better, sound quality not as good as nokia
Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery life
I have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
Reception at times.
Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
Flimsy antenna
only fair paper handling
Photo printing
Sometimes can pull multiple sheets when feeding
Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
A little large.
Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
poor graphics
Short battery life, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
Short standard battery life,
SLOW printing at Highest Quality
Slow, low resolution printing
Antenna breaks easily, High price, a bit slippery to hold, hard to open
No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
None
Doesn't warn you when you're about to run out of ink.
Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
Bad on-off switch
Software conflict with HP scanner for me
Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
Regular batteries do not last long
operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
Huge, loud, slow, poor drivers.
Fair quality photos and noisy
Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
Battery drainer
No memory slot.
Toddler cannot always sit
itap sucks, outside display is tiny, battery life is mediocre.
Price of accessories.
Everything else.
big and slow starting  up
Eats batteries at a tremendous rate amp;#13; amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
A little costly
No clock
Doesn't always get great reception
Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
No optical zoom, Low battery life.
High Price
text quality, speed, consumption, design and other oddments
ink consumption.
Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on screen
Long charging time.
Price
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Antenna??
Expensive daily use
terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
Sort of slow printing; High Definition pictures are kind of grainy.
Has since been surpassed by other printers
could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
Hard to find in stock.
Not a HP
Color printing takes longer
Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
Battery, battery, battery.
Price
Slow, unreliable, eats paper
loud, slow, smeared text, no support
Camera is a bit bulky
I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
sensitive to motion in low light
absolutely nothing
Downloadable ringers are a little quiet.
*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
menus difficult to navigate, screen
Bad reception, short battery life
It only worked once
Slow, thirsty, noisy, unreliable.
Haven't found any yet
USB cord not included, loud mechanism, poor web drivers.
Inconsistent results in auto mode.
can't think of any except eats batteries but I think all digital cameras do that.
No flip-top, so remember to lock your keys, or you might be making unexpected phone calls!
Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
steering
A little cumbersome
A little on the bulky side.
Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
none so far
Instruction manual is hard to use for the manually-challenged : )
Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
needs better battery
A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
Slow Printing
The memory card viewer screen is a $99.00 extra
Ink runs out quick
slightly big for a digicam due to lens assl'y. Warm pics in Halogen/bulbs
Owner's manual very hard to follow, many revisions.
price, want to use it all the time!
Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
size
Owner's Manual could be more detailed.
Didn't buy it sooner
Lots of bugs, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'answer on flip open'
Would like more Zoom
4 way Nav. button is hard to use.  Batteries are expensive.
bad battery life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
Low battery life, quality of pictures, design
Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
None
Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
Doesn't print as well on plain paper as some other printers
Pricey? Yes, but worth it.
none
Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile os application not stable.
Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
Ink is harder to find.
Needs car adapter- - short battery life
Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
larger babies don't fit as nicely.
A little trouble feeding envelopes
Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
Take the damn picture already!!!
I don't have any :)
Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
none
weight of stroller, small basket
Movie length, CF door feels flimsy
Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
Volume even all the way up SUCKS!
Nose smudge on LCD monitor
a seemingly unique "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my experience.
retains cold! BRRRR....
Long shot delay, slow shutter ineffective
battery consuming, no case
a bit bulky
very limited faceplates, little hard to get used to. Terrrible echo
every body is getting them, originality factor minimized.
no zoom; power usage issues
rather steep price tag
Doesn't come with ac adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
heavy and bulky
Fast battery drainage, LCD screen sometimes difficult to see.
No optical viewfinder...
Lack of external memory. Cannot record video.
glitches- power shut off, phone lag, volume inconsistency), large size can be a pain.
One movement may change focus
finding space for it; found out the hard way I was out of ink
limited service coverage area.
Digital zoom capabilities
a little more storage needed
Every now and then visited by BJC-250 trolls who play jokes.
It glitches on occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does it less, though.
None Noted
none so far. I love this phone!!!
The ink cartridges are expensive.
not as fast as others
Ink hog, expensive cartridges, noisy
Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
not as fast as some
Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
pricey, too small, priced superior; feels inferior
price, wheels
kind of pricey
Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time.
Hmmm... gets lost easily
random noises
price and local availability of accessories
Weird text input; the ring tones and such which come standard are rotten
price, plan charges, sound quality, antenna
Buttons are very hard to push #13; #10;Hard to change casings
No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak flash
Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
Big and Bulky, Pricey
Crappy software
Short battery life!
Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
Big bucks, a confusing menu, and NO DOWNLOADABLE RINGTONES!
Terribly complex interface, poor battery life, fragile antenna
No-frills; slim shape might take getting used to
Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
Look
date book can be a hassle
No Movie-Mode or Sound.
none
likes to jam paper sometimes, but rare
none
instalation
red eye, battery consumption
It's tiny
none found
The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular.
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
possible paper jams
Need to download extra software to run some videos and pictures
poor reception, quirky voice tags, poor construction
Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly.
No built in zoom
fragile, unreliable
ink waster
Haven't found any yet
Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
Poor battery performance, poor construction
Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
Annoying software
Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings.
gets warm when using, no built in belt clip
Camera will break.
NONE !!!!!!!
-Poor reliability
Battery life is not good, no wireless web support, cover is hard to change
can't find way to get ringers
Not many ring tone options.
Refer to this epinion.
I find the camera a little bulky and thus not  amp;quot;handy amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
Shutter lag
Expensive
Wish software had active monitor window
Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
Price
Text output not top quality, noisy at times, cleaning cycle is long
fragile, AFFORDABLE
Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
Limited zoom, flash photo quality
no zoom lens
Prints too slow, uses too much ink
none
touchy button, no flash
Short Battery Life
Auto Focus
Slow without USB cable
Games are ok
INK Cartridges are expensive and don't last
Average macro mode and slow start-up
very, very, expensive
No voice activated calling, some sound problems, slow at times.
Close-ups can be blurry at times.
Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
Screen quality in bright sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
Heavier and Larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
weak flash, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
None I can think of...
Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
none found as of yet.....
Poor manual
high price for point and shoot, but worth it for the picture quality
printing rate is a bit slow, but the pros make up for it.
expensive ink and paper
None, well maybe the cost!
None
Didn't come with any connection cables...
People will want to borrow it from you.
Cartridge cost, quality
Poorly built in some areas.
Ringer volume, cumbersome user manual
Its Unreliable
LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
Expensive
Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
poor reception compared to similar phones
crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
Short battery life, ease of battery replacement.
there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
cannot ring or rung, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to load!
Driver install is flaky
Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to get a new phone after one year.
Very serious orange shift problem
Freeze image disables action photography
a little expensive
Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.
Cost
Not exactly the most  quot;high-tech quot; of phones currently available.
Had to replace after 6 weeks
NO Internet connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
poor battery life; image quality is average
non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
runs out of ink to fast
cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
None.
battery door pops open unexpectedly; camera explodes when dropped in ocean; Olympus repairs too expensive.
No lens cover that's it!
Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
Expensive
Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
Battery
Size, not the best printer for professional jobs.
Pricey but you can find great deals on the internet
reception
Reception, contacts and a silly screen...
Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
Very noisy
Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
small amount of internal memory.
long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
Usually it doesn't
16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
poor image quality, camera shake
size, price, and design
settings, no case
overflash problem indoors
People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
Cheap build quality.
Price, constant maintenance
A little pricey
Slow when printing color.
No speakerphone
Constant Bidirectional Errors and had to hand feed paper
no pc jack, no manual focus or focusing screen, loves batteries
battery-life short, phone breaks easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
some phase contrast problems
a little slower than more expensive units
Poor charger connection and bad keypad design.
More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
Poorly designed headset and charger jacks are VERY hard to insert.
everything else
Poor battery life and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra battery!
Size, ink compatibility, speed
Ink hog, loud, moves too much, flimsy construction, unreliable, expensive ink cartridges
Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single day.
a little on the expensive side
Expensive
Bulky, quiet Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, can't sync with Macintosh
No zoom.  No creative options.
Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
It's a total piece of garbage.
Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
Manual a little confusing
need a high quality printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
Slightly Bulkier than most. Highly sensitive to movement during disc initialization. Pricey.
lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
Display occasionally distorts or disappears.
Still trying to find one
Overheating, frequently dropped calls, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
Limited ring-tone selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras are too expensive
Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
long antenna(when extended), rather large size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
nothing bad about it
Small keys
Average battery life,
Battery Life, No Microdrive support, Must get AC adapt Sep.
Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
no basket
Large size, screen plastic weak.
Ummm...the fact that someone would actually sell this
I'm a network administrator and even I found the phones menus to be confusing.
You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
Battery doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than 60 secs.
Short battery life
cost
a bit biger than most flip phones
Some useless features, expensive extras
Reliability, Battery life, Lack of features, Only average or below signal and audio quality
Although costly, it maintains its value
mediocre battery life, slow menus
eats regular batteries like candy
phone timer rounds up to the next minute
Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
None that I've discovered
Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Slow color printing, expensive toner.
Takes a while to set up.
exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
"So So" image quality for video conference, Stand isn't practical
when it works
dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
Buttons can be better
Must have large car to fit this stroller.
Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
not very stylish to loud
batteries are expensive
PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
Only con is that they no longer sell these.
not as fast as you may want, poor text print
Price, Grip, and Overall size and weight
Shutter lag time is long, flash does not always work, focus doesn't always work.
Directions are terrible
size
Ugly, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
Very few cons!
Product is not available on line
2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
small, cheap and easy to break
Battery life is extremely short, and buttons are too small.
No games
Battery life.
Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
None.
Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
film does not advance
Small ink cartridges
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
Not a consumer phone - confusing to program - best for a power user.
Terrible sound quality.
battery life, Menus, evil sounds.
Battery life
Poor construction, serious static and connection problems
none so far
Now my wife can get me, not my pager!
Features may not make up for high price
Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly;
Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P amp;L guarantee is only 90 days,
No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
Grab some backup batteries!
battery life
None
batery life,
takes some getting-used to
Battery  amp; software management are not as good newer models
umbrella , no harness strap,  just belts across lap
Poor reception leads to frequent call dropping.
NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad clumsy to work with.
keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery power short
The only manual you get is for the fax machine.
difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
Occasionally won't print or skips pages
no push to talk, camera quality poor
replacement cartriges are expensive, being as high as $45.00
Low sound ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
No flat bed capability
Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
control is a bit awkward, battery life not very long
redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
Print heads wear out
Large in size, noisy, ink is expensive
Manual duplexing, size
A little heavier than other phones, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the best choice for our needs
Loud and it recycles a lot.
Drains batteries and switching modes
Cost, takes some adjustment getting used to pushing while jogging.
Small size, mediocre speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
can't think of one.
just like computers, new versions come out later
red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
Poor flash
Dwindling battery life.
Slow shots and transfer.
Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
It just died with no reason,there are many people this happened to...read why.
None
battery life
Cartridge price
No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
a bit clunky to carry around
floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
grainy viewfinder images, only comes with 8Mb SM card
no carrying case to protect camera
Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
even extended battery is terrible, very bad reception
Not cheap
battery-life, weight/size
Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricey.
Camera grainy in low light, lacks 2.5mm jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen size.
battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal strength
Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
Unreliable; jams; support doesn't help; ink is very expensive
Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
I wish the strap attatched at 2 points, like a 35mm SLR
slow, moderate learning curve
none yet
Horrendous user interface
Small memory card and poor zoom mode
Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
Ink cartridges are expensive and this machine consumes ink at a quick pace
lacks optical zoom
Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
Just fits through doors/cash checkouts (wheels must be straight) No basket
Battery life a little short, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
Occasional paper jams.
POOR battery life... Coverage could be better.
Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (big big hands), AOL for phone is impossible to use.
Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
Runs slow, could use more memory, and doesn't have the MP3 player option
Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
Size
Goes through Batteries FAST!!
Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
Have to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, ,
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
Above 4.8x zoom don't expect clarity.
Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
is a oven
Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light.
Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
Small basket, not fully reclining.
Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
Water based inks?
Not sure why I have to assign a speed dial number to every phonebook entry.
Will probably be obselete soon :(
Economy Printout not good.
The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
Limited Internet Sites! It's not a flip!
Easily toggled video/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
Cannot utilize all the functions!!
Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish screen.
No cable included
It quit working after three days and no replacement possible.
Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
Not as fast as laser printers
BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
Lousy reception, long boot times, software "hangs", simply an unreliable cell phone
Same old Moto menu system...
No memory slot.
Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
Problems with driver and CF card.
Cars+cell phone= possible wreck
No back up memory
Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
Think ink
Poor dpi
Occasional frame errors.
none that I have found
Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
Sprint service snafus
Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
not durable
Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off Switch
Slow, Ink runs out quickly
Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
30 second warmup from sleep mode
No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble feeding wedding envelopes.
horrible accessories, clunky design
Can be expensive to run
712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
Black ink quality.
none yet
Images a bit blurry, no rechargeable batteries
none at all
looks more complicated than it is
cost, temperamental
Large.
limited technical support, slow printing speed
none yet
High resolution option not available on this model.
Poor reception
Cheap parts and bad customer service
Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy.
Almost too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
Costly, not necessary for everyone.
Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
Paint chips off phone
not that expensive
battery life short, will not broadcast in buildings
LCD screen washes out amp;#13; amp;#10;Camera is Bulky to carry around
Battery life
Speed of printing, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
Antenna breaks easily
you  lt;/b gt;must  lt;/b gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
No Bluetooth, no camera, no MP3, no external screen
No lens cover
Verizon's replacement user interface.
Power runs out fast  amp; need to replace a new battery.
trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
Slow, Design Fault with flash overexposing - I'm on my second repair.
Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
slow printing
Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
uses alot of juice
proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
Could get better battery life, but it's still sufficient, and you can buy spare batteries.
Acts strange sometimes, takes too much space on desk
Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
A little slow on start up
Print cartridges are expensive.
the fact that it exists
Goes bad frequently, poor reception/range, short battery life when you're far from a tower.
Only works with Windows
battery eater, limited capability
Proprietary Memory Stick Media is EXPENSIVE, serial cable sux, 15 sec movie limit
Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build quality.
poor web surfing ability
Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation.  amp;#13; amp;#10;
(minor) no attachment for lens cap
Picture quality still lacks crispness
none
Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving end is "electronic"
no optical zoom, small life
Not enough ring tones, does not display the time phone calls were received or made
Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
Max picture size = 640 x 480
Nothing is perfect
Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
Drains batteries too quick!
Slightly thick chassis
Battery life
batteries, lack of AC adapter, no optical zoom
ahhh....it died!
Photo quality not that much better than original
Always broken, bad belt clip, battery life stinks
The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high price tag
NONE!
Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), and expensive.
Battery life
Expensive
none
so-so design; no web browser, calendar, games, functioning keypad lock; mediocre battery life
Poor battery life, freezes too often.
Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
No seperate black cartridge
to try to do it by the control panel
There is somewhat of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
Small paper tray (100 sheets)
No Speakerphone
Loud, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
many jams, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
Non for its price
There are NO CONS!!!!!!!!!!!!! about this product it is easy to use and takes high quality pictures
1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small Keypad
Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
Fixed antenna, GSM only
Won't stay installed.
None so far.
Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
Don't expect many colors!
battery killer, small CF card
Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
No expansion card slot, headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens
Only a 3X zoom
Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
Antenna is flimsy
Slow w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
Too many buttons to push to change menu items.
None
Cant even depend on basic functions of make and receive calls
not cheap
slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
many of these seem to fail in the 1-2 year time frame
not appropriate for action or macro photography
Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
None
Poor battery life and above average shutter lag
Need at  least $5500 to get started
small and cheap
Kind of big to be easily carried
some similarities to Nokia 5190
pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
inks not compatible with all papers
Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
It runs out of ink fairly fast.
Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
minor.
Time consumming to learn the software
Looks   size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB.
impossible to install
Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
Must swap cartridge for true blacks
A little more that I need for home use.
No extra features like text messaging, e-mail, or games.
Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
none
Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
I wish it was thinner.
tough to catch candid shots due to delay
headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
Slow speed
memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service
Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
Bad Battery life, big and bulky
Doesn't recline all the way for baby amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;Push handle too low for tall people.
heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
8MB card not enough
Small, stiff buttons. Joystick control. Unusual shape.
Bad picture quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
Somewhat slow printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up quickly.
Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
Paper curls.
Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the best quality print.
Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
Defective merchandise, and no sense of responsibility by Nextel or Motorola.
Limited stock battery life.
Impossible to hook up to a computer
Awful durability.
It does eat batteries but then they all do
small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
Bulky.  #13; #10;Not many bells and whistles.
Battery life. Awkward phone book.
Low talk time, antenna breaks easier than most
CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets settings, rocker switch hard to "select"
Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
Noisy when operating
I wish it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
Battery Hog, Slow Shutter, Need New Printer
some of the menu organization, no mailing address area in contacts,
analog technology only, length of life
connection to charger, menu layout, camera.
Battery life is not that hot
Slow Reaction Time, Voice Recognition
Connection Problems
lt;i gt;Polaroid lt;/i gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
power features are hard to learn
Expensive ink.
None.
May want something lighter
Large and heavy, average performance.
Slow writing time
Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
none
Tiny buttons, single phone number per name entry.
Not the fastest on the block
price + upgrades
breaks very easily
Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
Mediocre flash, no flash shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped Calls ,poor Voice Quality
Size, useless features.
Does not meet the minimum requirements of what entails any phone.
design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
big, design, no usb cable
OK camera, Gets hot!  A little loud
Photo print quality not as good as competitors
Non-rechargeable batteries.
a little slow in start up of printing.
Not all accessories available in the USA yet!
Excellent print, scan,copier
Storage access!
I can't think of any
not a blessed thing
only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
horrid battery life, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
Cost of paper, poor documentation
Naturally larger than average phone - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
Takes time to set up for low light pictures,, Battery does not last very long
Have to reinstall ink cartrages
no case
Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
A little more $ for ink cartridges
Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
You'd be foolish to expect it: black and white text is NOT laser quality
Text not perfect, speed not fast
Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
Bit old and not as good as newer phones, but oh well
Meny structure is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
too big
battery life could be longer
more expensive than a cheap 35mm
horrible connectors for power and synch - with lights off almost impossible to connect.
Bad Reception,Software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
USB installation could be more seamless
SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
bad drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
no on-off switch, flimsy construction
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
standard 8mb memory
Antenna, Price, Stupid belt clip
Fragile, poor sound, low battery life, etc.
Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
base difficult to install
A little too big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
No "Bells   Whistles", just a great phone!
cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
hard to find accessories locally
doesn't hold a lot of battery power
Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
Minor features wish had
Slow scanner.
The price of over $300.
short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
This camera can't record movies
Control panel, hard to remove side panel
Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
None that I can think of.
Ink cartridges run out quickly when printing in higher resolutions
Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
Verizon crippled the poor lad!
Too small, display too small
Mediocre navigation
um..none
Too large to wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
The Palm data did not convert easily.  It took hours to sort through it.
Location of Lens
Very poor reception and sound clarity.  The color screen isn't viewable in sunlight.
Better printers for just a little more
Not a battery meter. Red eye reduction does not work well.
Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be special ordered.
4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
Silent mode fails to work when receiving some calls.
Doesn't work in some buildings
none
Antenna could be better
cheap, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
Frail as a whiff of rose blossom on a spring day.
Not good for very low light levels
Bad construction, flimsy design, worthless
medium quality on regular paper, ink hog
*Short battery life . #13; #10;*Can save only three messages . #13; #10;*Poor clarity voice . #13; #10; #13; #10;
small screen size; slow remote syncs
Buggy OS, exterior paint is chipping, email is a pain to get working
Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
none
Short battery life.  I mean really short.
Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
Colors stop printing, heads clog, no amount of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
Complex.  Could be simplified. #13; #10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
i wish you could load with film also.
Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
Battery cover seems rather loose
small capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
not enough bang for the buck, bad connections
none to speak of
Dodgy batch of print heads.
adjusting to no film processing?
It is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
Didn't come with a cord or black ink.
none
scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM card too easily accessed
Quickly fading inks, slow speed on text
Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
a bit pricey, and not small
Weight
8mb card is way to small, price is high,
For some people the printer's size may be an issue
Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat slow response time in menu options (GSM related)
possibly too small....?
so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
loss of signal in some areas
Print problems, slow like mud
dark, blury digital image prints
Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
None
none
Spooling glitch
too slow, cartridges expensive
None found  yet!
noise, speed
None
a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
Loss of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
Bad Quality, expensive, just plain terrible
GSM coverage in the USA is not complete. #13; #10;Only 8 entries can have voice tags.
As always, expensive inks.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
Unattached lens cap
Everything else, comes with nothing...
Price?
Battery life could be better
Dumb ring tones
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
A Little Bulky, Have to Open and Close Shutter Door too Often (to Switch Functions)
heavy, bulky, folding hazards
Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
May be too small for some people
print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
None
Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to repair.
$$$$$$$
No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
size
a bit pricey, lens cap
Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
Bad Customer Service and Product Reliabililty
Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
paper jams
Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
No View finder, LCD impossible to see in sun
Slow, only 2x optical zoom, little eye appeal
Lost some of the features of the 7110
Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
price, weight, size, response time
Ink Cartridges Are Over Priced
Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#149; Communication problems.
weak vibration option
Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
Very Short battery life.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling.
reliability, some ink usage
no voice dialing, poor screen, buttons
Phone is hard to program and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
Cost of Epson brand printer cartridges
Charging time, sound quality, options, holster
Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
none
No Viewer, LCD Only
short battery life
Color display is sometimes hard to see, camera button a little to easy to touch.
Poor print quality, low resolution, slow, very noisey.
When using infant carrier, older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores takes practice!
Qwerky user interface
Battery life
Sorry, didn't find any!
don't have serial port, download hassle
Drops calls, voicemails, and reception is sketchy.
A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
It doesn't work long
hard to see LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
frys brain, not too good inside of thick walls.
zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
Battery hungry!
Still a bit out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few design problems.
Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number memory
BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
No lens
USB somewhat unreliable
little quirks, nothing devastating
Camera is a joke, Bluetooth problems
small viewing screen
The imaging is a shade on the light side.
must read manual, battery
USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
menu driven
Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. Big!
slow color printing, small paper tray
color is ugly
very slow and ink does not last long
need both hands to fold or unfold!
Does not support 3-way calling with Cingular
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
Slow
lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a big deal.
Price
Other than the high price tag I can't think of anything bad
Buttons are small
Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
Not as fast as claimed
"Insert SIM card" error, gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flash card supplied
Poor tech support, problems installing drivers  amp;amp; paper jams.
Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
NONE
paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
battery life, case, no movie sound
none
Bulky and Noisy
when the computer is down, it won't work
Essentially no significant cons.
compact size  amp; settings galore
paper loading is difficult
Slightly slower than the more expensive models
battery life
?
reliability, not easy to use
low storage on disk
Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  Feels cheap
expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
Expensive battery, low picture quality
Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can think of!
Mac users must have USB.
No warning when you run out of ink
Battery charge indicator not very useful.
No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate.
Everybody wants to borrow it.
No major complaints.
poor reception, problems losing ring/vibrate functionality
battery life, exposure
Finding out which settings work best with different paper types
difficult indoor photos
Annoying long and noisy preparation to any project, wastes ink
battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
nothing
Needs an extended battery (see review)
battery-perhaps a Lithium cell instead
Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided by wireless service, attractive to theives.
not the best out there
Pricey
NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
vibrate, washed out screen, no volume rocker, no camera.
short battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
image size, slow uploading, 'weird' looking photos
Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
Expensive.  Battery life not too long.
cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
This nokia has some issues..
The cons don't count for much in comparison to its charms.
None
Short battery life
a little noisy
Small LCD screen, short battery life
no ac adapter
Seems to perform a head clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
battery LIFE!
Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective case provided.
Keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
Win98/95, Power Mac.
Optical is only 2x
occasional cellular tower deathgrip, freezes
Menus could be a little more intuitive
expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
Noisy, no ink level indicator, no Windows XP drivers (official)
Low selection of ringer options, must open phone to view anything and breakable antenna
Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
no "real" tones, no loudspeaker
Mid-range price
To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
extras you need
Dim backlight; Non-flip
Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
none that I can think of
Slow download without separate drive
size of display, no custom ring tones per caller, limited use in remote areas
big
Not a great camera but who cares.
Noisy, costly printer cartridges
new technology, so soon outdated
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
None
No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
when putting it in your pocket, the antenna points more towards your body
Doesn't produce decent photos without incredible effort
Inconsistent Printouts
Rubber battery cover, cheap sling, and a stupid plastic lens cover
Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
A bit bigger than some
No Flip
Did you read my review?
Slightly Awkward User Interface
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
Cant print at speeds that are said
Cartridge Life/Configuration; Sluggish Speeds
not much zoom capability, serial uplink
short battery life, questionable reception
Low sound volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
i found the price to be a little high
You do get what you pay for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
None, total satisfaction
Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
Slightly larger size
Not Really Fully Bluetooth Durability
No external caller ID
battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
Horrible reception
Autofocus time a little long.
None
Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
Price!
Ink Cartridge Needs to be Replaced Often
Kind of big.
Initial Purchase Cost
Bulky!!
The camera I have can only be connected to your computer via a serial port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have no spare ports while online, forcing me to disconnect to upload new pictures. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse and can p
Still works some of the time.
Tendency to get slightly scratched
easy to lose
Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour talk time!
Duplexing cuts speed drastically
Software could be more user friendly.
Lots of People Have Them
inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
Serial sync cradle.
no games
The phone is bulky and the antenna a bit flimsy.
No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high speed data networks
Paper Handling could be better.
display is small, no one touch vibrate.
Horrible overall quality.
not a thing
Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
Incredibly poor paper handling
See review
none
Didnt' come with a carring case
Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink cartridges
A little noisy, Medium price,
slow, only one print head
Won't work if second printer used through LPT port.
Could be faster, finicky USB setup
The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
Battery life, range, screen size
no color screen, which isn't really bad
takes up most of your trunk
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Don't lose the sw cd
Colour screen is v. low resolution (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
Battery life
Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
Battery life is weak, Lots of extras.
battery life, ease of use
Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
haven't seen any!
Cons, well this phone's only Con would be its price perhaps.
finding a name is bad, Battery life is very small,
No bells or whistles.
Broke When Dunked in Toilet
Doesn't work, eats ink, Message on front misleading!
control markings are confusing
??????????????????
Sony interface is still limiting.
Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you really need them?
Cost amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
none
drains batteries, bad photo quality, software only works with Windows 98 and above
memory stick to small, no movie mode
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Instruction manual not on target for start up
none
Sound quality is awful
Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
none so far
Focusing problems using Flash - 2x zoom lens
Not much thought went into the design of this thing
8 MB Card not enough.
size
heavy, poor reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring tones,
Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
Big size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but still a value in its class.
No Flash
slow, color screen hard to see in sunlight
expensive
Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
The movie (video) mode has no sound.
none
Gets burning hot with use
speaker tends to have too much treble   hurts my ear
SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
low performance, for rookie only
Few manual controls, weak flash, battery life
battery life is low
Included software is buggy
pictures are too small to share with anyone offline;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access to a computer or limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
not very sturdy at all, I almost broke it twice in 3 days
Large, Somewhat Heavy
Had to buy extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
works when it wants to
Battery life, case hard to find, smallish display, not "small" by today's standards.
only 6 months, blown fuser
Limited uses, Loud, Slow, Expensive to maintain
Menu system can get confusing, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
none i can think of.
Poor reception, unprotected face, cheap feel
cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for paper jams.
--
Setting the time is difficult to figure out.
Hard to Hold
lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if used without a flash
batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
toner cartridge problems - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
None
None
Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
None
paper/cartridge combo price, paper has a "postcard" backing
not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
Voice recognition, phonebook, manual
software, speaker, production quality overall.
Red eye
Really bad reception and cavernous sound.
Small screen can be difficult to read. Mixed reception in the country.
Poor quality and eats batteries
Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad places
None
JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
Batteries dont last long
Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
none
The battery runs out quick when using it alot.
Be careful with the mode selector. LCD is sharp, but small.
expensive ink tanks
odd shape, doesnt fit in ANY case
ink cartridges are expensive
poor clarity
No viewfinder, but the large led does well.
Large blow-ups show pixels
Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control
no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
Included memory card too small, poor user manual
None
Steep learning curve
The ink is very expensive!
price; almost too many features
Big antennae and kind of heavy
Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on everything
battery life indicator is inaccurate, battery runs out quick
bulky size - may break easily?
Ink cartridges hard to find
Range
big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
Weak flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
Expensive ink; significant "banding" in photo printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
too big and heavy
Ugh ... i wish it had more wallpapers
None
It can get heavy at times.  The zoom is not the greatest.
Substandard image quality, confusing software
Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date  amp;amp; quality selection
phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be set with 24hour clock
Defective phone book - all numbers can be erased; poor sound quality
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
need to clean print head occasionally
Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap
need keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
some pictures come out dark, not good for professionals
Uses a lot of ink.
leather case comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to find
Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
Won't print most of the time
Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
USB issues when used with ME.
LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
Delicate, has broken a few times, lacks features like full recline, tray or cup holder.
Can not download ring tones, battery life
None
So many features that it's a bit confusing
Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied.
nothing
can't download other tones
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
Kind of big.
buy it
none
problems with paper jams and paper feeding
PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
Slower processor and color screen handles less colors than the newer camera phones
terrible battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
Ringer volume, speaker clarity, price
3x zoom lens, battery life, price
Everything else, way behind Samsung.
Terrible battery life
Slooooooooooww.
slightly too big due to disquette use
Less than perfect photo quality
A few trivial problems
zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
Voice Recognition on only 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
Ink cartridges expensive
Long photo download time
No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
Without service, all the pros of the phone become moot!
No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
Lack of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, price
Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turns off randomly
it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
dial seems flimsy...
Noisier than my Canon, pulls more than 1 sheet of paper through at a time.
slow two sided printing
Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
Slow on some graphics
A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
Lens protection a bit flimsy
GTE's policies on replacement.
eats batteries, only 2.1MP
No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
I'm still waiting for my second replacement
Not as fast as film based 35mm camera. Low light conditions present problems.
Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
Two models we tried simply didn't work.
Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum unit will hurt (financially)....
Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
1 year it didn't turn on again.
Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
Really bad directions
As a phone, it is useless.
poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
compressed thumb nail pictures
Slow download, missing features.
battery life, reliability, fragile
Loud, high cost of ink
Larger and heavier than some digitals.
Delayed Shutter Response
Too big and heavy, mediocre reception.
Sometimes slow, and awkward
Received audio is weak; some functions take lots of keypresses.
poor ink cartridge quality
none, yet
Low battery life, not too many features
Poor reception, drops calls, gets hot, scratches very easily, not durable
Moderate battery life, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
Bluish cast to some pictures
Web feature not practical
Annoying Paper Tray
Size, poor integration ergonomics #13; #10;Very weak ringer
Battery life, freezes sometimes,
Getting use to talk into the air.  The vibrator is more like a silence alarm.
Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
Will not ring and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on highest volume are hard to hear,
size, weight
Fragile and expensive to replace parts
no outside LCD screen, very basic
Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, sound quality sub-par, expensive
cost of operation
Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
Buttons can be hard to figure out.
haven't found any yet!
No USB Connect, Poor Zoom Quality, Low Battery Life
Lens cap design, software bundle
no red eye flash mode, only battery power
Small, no new tech features
Problems on sizing output of photo prints.
Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
can't think of any
No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to sync.
no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs work
Colour Tanks Should Be Bigger.
Ringer, message alerts, interface, text entry need refinement.  Expensive accessories.
Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
A bit noisy...
Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode Build quality is shocking
Dead spots and dropped calls
Toner eater
Does only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless dropped calls
Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
None
Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
High Priced Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, Slower than most other printers.
Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
top feeder
battery life, ring tones, clarity.
The 2020 cost just a little more and offers more features.
as always pricier than comparable lines
problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, short battery life
Not good in low light, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
a bit slow on the get-up-and-go
Tends to get itself offline.
Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
Difficult to retrieve numbers, not user friendly
Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos
Paint chipping, relatively short battery life, heats up during use.
Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
Sound quality, speakerphone
Distorted voices occassionally
power button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
Price,Durabilty
8mb,zoom browser, support
may smudge at times, not the highest quality
only available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
Short battery life
Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory.
Unreliable, buttons hard to feel
Slower than advertised.  Expensive Ink.
Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
Takes a few minutes to warm up
Size
More complicated control panel
Slow, but not for the price
Very poor and defective software.
Takes up too much space, fast ink use
Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
Jams Frequently, Ink Smears on some types of printables, very expensive ink.
doesn't print...and no tech support help
overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
No Cables are included
Takes a little getting used to - gt; but don't all phones?
Uses batteries pretty fast.
Not easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
delay printing first page
Slow, even on normal print jobs.
Battery Life, Lack of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
Not much else does
Some "design" issues.  Cartridge life.  Expensive cartridges.
Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
tall (approx. 7"),
black and white images, low res
Wastes ink every time you turn it on
Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
It's ugly and will slowly make you def.
None yet
The battery doesn't last very long. Not many good ring tones
Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
no lock for outside buttons, protective case makes for inconvenient charging.
Image resolution
No adapter, camera case etc.
No interchangeable lens
Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
Takes its good old time to start up
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
Takes a long time to download pics, battery hog
Horrible print quality
Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
Check the battery for the performance  amp; then buy it
Somewhat ugly color
Horrible picture quality; no flash.
Continuous problems with printing
Reception, durability, menus, lack of ringtones, too quiet rings plus all of above.
Wet ink smears and spoils prints if you touch too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
none
The reception is horrible.
EVERYTHING
you must learn how to use it
Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
Sprint only
Complicated menus for advanced features.
Earpiece heats up
None
None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
None.
Lack of Flash and Focusing Ability
clip on it does not stay hooked to what ever you clip it on
Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
None
Single Band
No Vibrate option for calls
lithium ion battery can be expensive...
Manual focus requires button pushing
None
A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
Chincey construction in earpiece housing causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
Software is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
Poor leather case design
Print cartrige cost
Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
lack of network support
a little noisy
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Battery hog in some modes
Scratches show on silver case, Menu listing is not logical.
out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
You can't get through certain mall doors.
No clock or alarm. Complicated menu.
non-alphebatized phone book, no games, bad rings
bad reception, low volume, and poor quality.
Sometimes it mal functions and needs to be restarted.
Slow; Needs special paper to look good; no built-in USB port
no headphone jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
Different shape, $$
You can not download music to use as a ringtone.
Nothing fancy
Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
No Internet
Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.
Expensive, antennas break constantly
Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud even at lowest setting.
not really any
Too slow for larger work environments
Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
Serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
bad reception
not for action shots
Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
Poor design, horrible contacts
A tad bit slow
No AC adapter, only left/right cursor, no video out.
shutter lag time, uses XD cards
It runs out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
No Optical Viewfinder, No Carry Case
need more options for covers!
Power cord adaptor not included
Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
The screen dims considerably after a period of time making reading it a real chore
Slow, big, expensive cartridges
LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
Inconsistent picture quality
makes my computer crash
Slow, slow, slow
delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
nothing, yet!
too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
poor photo quality, slow
None
There is a pause before the second person answers.
Not as good macro capability (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
Price
not too many!
Battery life, too many sub-menus
A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A bit pricey.
LIKES TO USE INK
questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life span
Terrible Photo Quality, No Flash, Mushy Shutter Button, no LCD screen
Price, Size, Disk Access
None so far.
Ring tones, $35 activation fee
Better ones are available on the market.
Plastic feel, not really clear
Camera is sufficient.
Large size.
Are you kidding?
Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Speed
No camera case included, pricey
Battery life
Super slow speed, uses up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
Still a little bulky
hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
High Ink Costs, Poor Customer Service, Poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
Slightly noisy feeding paper
Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
Jams easily, ink is very expensive
uneasy LCD button
Battery life
Bad power management
The battery life.
Need a good Printer  amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
A total piece of crap.
only average image quality
Reception, cost of accessories
high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
Fairly high cost; battery life is short;
Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to look only  amp;quot;fairly amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are way too grainy.
Needs Sandisk imagewriter
Cost, battery life.
underpowered flash
none that I can see
NONE significant enough to keep me from buying it again.
Drains batteries fast, no lense cover, no case.
No keyboard. No expansion slot . No speakerphone.
awkward to hold, no b/w mode
Bit expensive
A little heavy.
not discounted much -- shop around!
A little noisy
needs a better  amp;quot;finished amp;quot; tray
Price, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
Antenna is a little flimsy.
Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
cleaning is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints confusing
Perhaps Price, Size
Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ Nokias--not user friendly.
No alarm clock on this phone.
Stroller only reclines in two positions
Lower photo printing quality without the photo kit.
OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for rings. OK durability.
poor images, poor user interface, poor software
Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, limited software library
Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data accessories.
Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
A little slow to shoot
people cant hear you, crappy pictures, irritating buttons
Noisy, a little hard to install
No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera
The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
No alphabetical sorting of phone list, digital only.
Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
no optical zoom, no USB Interface
Not as many features as higher models
Display failed after 6 months, Virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
it comes with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
sprint is wider
Usually hard to operate because of the lens cap.
Camera leaves a bit to be desired
"DON'T TRY OUT DIS PHONE!!!
Picture quality, price
- hangs pretty frequently
Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
clarity, and battery power
INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build
browser performance is sluggish, pricey, no analog fall-back
It is somewhat big and klunky.
Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
Relatively short battery life
No optical viewfinder, weak flash
Picture Quality
Not quality Pictures
pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
That people dont pay attention to the road when they are using cell phones
buttons are a little small
It's a little too big and heavy to carry in your pocket.
antennae is annoying, no color screen, limited organizer
I don't know where to start!
They could have made the thing faster.
none!
A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
Reception, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
Hard to figure out how to connect to computer, having problems and need tech support.
a little bulky by today's standards
engineering
Cleaning cycle eats ink in a major way.
terrible reception, I've had some battery problems
Antenna, Can't send text messages, Mini-browser
takes a little longer to read and understand some of the programing, needs a better written manual but you can get it
Several design flaws; horrible product support
Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, power connection.
Low Picture Quality
Noisy paper loading and bulky size
Price
PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
Can't charge battery in camera
warranty not very long
INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
None
like most digital cameras the batteries don't last too long.
1.6X Focal length multiplication
unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, cuts off
Gulps ink, poor reliabilty
Unreliable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
New camera is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
Ringer isn't as loud as I would like.  That's It!
Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
Small, case creaks in my ear, drops calls, looks like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
Cartridge management. Discontinued.
Zooms in when you turn the camera on,  uses batteries rapidly,
Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them.
EVF is very dark in low light situations
it shakes a little
no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
None yet...
may be difficult to figure out
Didn't we just buy 12 AA batteries last week????
Battery eating beast/slow to recharge
Like pushing an Explorer through the mall.
Parts have broken easily, small canopy
It is a very simple phone.
Paper handling could be better
Poor reception, Bad menu design, Slow keypad response
Will not work with my computer
short battery life, feels awkward.
Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
Like any electronic something better will come out, but until then ...
battery doesn't last long at all
Costs more than it should
Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed problems
battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
color rendition not always true
slower processing
No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
Limited extra features like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
Large footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
hassles with toner smudiging
screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
slightly bulky, price
big wheels take up room
Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
expensive cartigages
Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
microphone location, programming of VGA
none
A little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
pseudo-perfect picture quality, fairly expensive ink
no downloadable ringers
Have to buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
Cant touch the antenna, crappy reception.
Clunky and large but well worth it.
Initializing sometimes is a pain
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
Not the best for adults
What I paid
Breaks up or hangs up pretty often
Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
The review is all about this.
Noisy and Power Hog.
No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
Stops abruptly.
Hard to reach basket
Poor optics, puny internal memory,
battery life
No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
colour representation, grainy in low light, LCD 'washed out', compression dodgy
Pricey amp;#13; amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
A bit slow and noisy
Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
Humm, none come to mind.
Bass-ackward phone book, cheesy ringtones
Cannot download ringers
ringer, no blue tooth, internet
print speed cost of replacement cartridges
proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations well.
Slightly noisy, black ink smudges if you touch immediately after printing
Epson paper required for best results
Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the best.
call failed, missed calls
I couldnt find any
primitive features
everything else!
Hard on batteries
A little expensive to use
Paper feed sometimes crooked
Simplistic factor (if you're into multi-function units)
Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
Not support IBM microdrive
Big and complex.  Floppy only accepts a few high resolution pictures.
none
Small buttons.
Expensive, heavy, small baskets
...
Horribly small storage basket
keypad layout isn't natural.
Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
sometimes hard to hear if you are in a noisy area
Paper jams, noisy, goes through ink pretty fast.
Horrible durability
A bit hard to figure out all functions.
None yet!
camera gets into its own way
Sometimes frustrating
A little bulky, which only attracts attention.
Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
terrible customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false charges
Very annoying focus assist light.
Battery life, bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
Only 4 regular ring tones, other 11 are melodies
No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
Menus not always intuitive, memory card provided is too small
Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
can't think of one
Uses a bit of ink, envelopes occasionally jam
Warm up time is 7 mins when turned on.
Smudges really easily, low storage space.
Static
Noisy, poor print quality, poor build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
Slow and Noisy on start up
non digital; very limited selection of rings
Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
Accessories hard to find
Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
Size
No LCD display, no flash
terrible for close ups!
Low resolution for too much $$$
Loud when in fast print.
Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right,
envelopes jam; blue lid?
Slow Speed, Bad Print Quality, Bad Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
no suspension
Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
Expensive, although long-lasting cartridges
Expensive
Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
None that I have  noticed
Low resolution; Casio is non-responsive.
none.
Too much phone, will you surf the net from a phone?
charger acts up
I found nothing wrong with this item
none found
LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
Exposed buttons
cleaning heads a lot, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
?
the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped calls.
External antenna can break off, camera is behind current standards.
short life ink cartridges, leaks, false 'empty' messages, printhead fails [expen$ive]
battery life, lack of memory
reception, battery life.
Price, cheap look, doesn't feel solid
hard to press the buttons.No bluetooth
packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
Low battery life - you need the rechargeable battery
may be too small
SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!
Lens cap, thats it!
Antenna is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my Star-tac.
None
none!!!!
Incredibly expensive.
Recharger and rechargable battery not included
None
no lens cover
Slow
battery usage high, availability of accessories low
Heavy, better technology is now available
No lithium-ion battery; Most ring tones are a little annoying; free headset (earbud) is uncomfortable.
expensive replacement cartaridges
amp;#13; amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Ink Cartridges are very expensive
na
None
Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
Manual is skimpy, USB cover is flimsy, 16 MB card is too small
resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
Included ringtones are truly awful, color screen hard to see outside in sunlight.
Lacks durability, expensive, lacks triband.
Expensive, larger than Elph
Envelope feeding, Speed
Headset fails easily, limited availability of accessories.
price of cartridges a little high
the price (you have to pay for good quality)
LCD lifetime/durability questionable
Poor resolution
Cheap Feel, Battery Life
Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
None
Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
photo paper and ink refills or expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
Software is not compatible with WinXP
Poorly made for a Nokia, flawed screen.
Goes through ink quickly
Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
Just plain doesn't work.
Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
No viewfinder, no lens cap
none
Awkward storage basket
Limited battery life.
battery contact problem
design
total call time
none.
Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
1) Not the best-looking phone around
Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
Expensive
lack of maneuverability, small basket
hard to understand instructions
Power button placement, macro mode sensitive
Everything else
Choosing this Nokia 918 from other phones
Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
Too many to list here.
bulky
Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
A little big
Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
High battery consumption.
Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
photo's take a LONG time to download
warm up time, big area
poor picture quality, questionable quality control
prints loudly
Not terribly flashy, still big for a phone these days, buggy software.
hard to hook up to your computer
No optical zoom
Limited print functions and settings, expensive ink
Slow printing, not quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
many
None
Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
Ink cartridges are pretty expensive
Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
lousy design on paper tray
price, cartridges are expensive
Long initialization time before printing of first page
black and white screen
Many
expensive
Manual flash, location of screen on back.
completely broke when dropped once!
SLOWWWWW
More expensive than other  amp;quot;home amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
Gotta get all the accessories!
Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
cost on the upper end of models
Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
Plastic feels a little flimsy
expensive
none so far
Nothing much.
Minimal features
Read the review to see how many flaws this phone has
Too slow to print, color cartridge doesn't last
Expensive accessories
I don't know of any
Drains your wallet, but would you expect it too be cheap?
Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
heavy ink consumption
doesn't come with AC adapter
none found
May be a little expensive for some.
Body scratches easily
hard to download rings
Holding the camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
Maybe a little on the heavy side with the standard battery
Big, Battery life, Sensitive keys, Lack of advanced features.
You have to spring for fancy paper for best results
Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
This printer is strictly for printing on Matte papers...other then that it's completely useless...
no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to time.  Reception is spotty.
Average picture quality. ,
Only loads into computer half the time with associated software
Terrible customer service.
Eats batteries.
Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
Not the highest quality you would expect.
No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
Battery life doesn't last very long
uses batteries quickly, not reliable
Battery Life, antenna sticks up
No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
Not what is lives up to be
None
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
No USB cable provided
A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than needed
Doesn?t have speakerphone.
Apparent bug may need remove/replace battery infrequently
Cheap Quality
low quality pictures no flash
Reliability Issues
Not good for high quality pictures
Lens cap is difficult to get back off.
tones, pics, etc are awful, menu screen are confusing could be far better
t-mobile has an ok network, reception could be better
No Color Screen.
Distorted reception
You need to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
price
doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
Not small enough to show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
its cheap and misfeeds a lot
Poor menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
Eats batteries
You will never be able to move it again
Ringer tunes, battery life (?)
Rechargeable battery life short. Use disposable batteries for long life.
Top feed printing, swap for picture ink
No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick control,
Expensive!
bad paper feeding
Are there any?
Low resolution
Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery life, dies out after one call, after full charging.
uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't work.
Download takes a long time
Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
hmmmm- still thinkin'
It Sucks As A Phone!
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient charging process
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Sprint phone case opens by itself
Eats ink cartridges!!!!Bad paper feed.
batteries don't last too long
sometimes quits printing work in progress
back light doesn't stay on, not a lot of accessories
Nothing
None
display went bad, but they replaced within days
Small 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory card.
Only 3x zoom, large size.
Verizon and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
Flimsy, poor call quality, lcd hard to read in daylight. Controls are not user friendly.
no optical zoom, short battery life
Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
Not compatable with Windows NT
low light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP,
Juttada
Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low talk volume.
A bit heavy
a bit pricey...
battery cost a little high
Front cover is not replaceable.
none that i can think of
reception, sound quality, ringer
Antenna (no biggie), no ring+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
Heavy price tag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
proprietary earbud jack, no voicemail reminder, sometimes requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
Slow printer, Small  amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
Expensive
Sound quality is awful
Instructions are sometimes vague.
poor interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
no cons
Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
Everyone wants to borrow it.
Ink Prices Are Crazy!
must use Nikon View
small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
Expensive Ink Cartridges
Breaks and is cheap
Nonexistent reception, nonexistent reception, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
Feed mechanism is very loud and startling. Highest color print level is very slow
not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
Cartridges expensive to replace.
Power consumption, resolution
Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
Doesn't work with many programs
buttons may be too small for those with big hands,no color screen, antenna?
Amount of RAM
Can blur, grainy looking pictures
As others said, slow to start and noisy.
Slow software, quiet SMS notification
Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
Price. Size. Does not fold up easily.
Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
no optical viewfinder
a little pricey
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
Can amp;#146;t delete more than 1 image at a time, tricky user interface
all feature in one
Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
Slow, big
Large footprint.  Needs lots of room.  Canon paper is expensive.
Many glitches, poor quality, limited options
Banding on the bottom of 81/2X11 photos, B amp;W photos have a greenish cast
weak flash, poor for people with big hands
it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
None yet.
Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
a bit bulky but worth it
a little pricey
see above
none at this time
Very fragile! I mean, VERY FRAGILE!!  EASILY DESTROYED.  Plus, not quite enough memory.
VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
It cost money to use it :)
USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
Smallish display, a little bulky.
Dial-back feature available only on the i1000plus
When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
None, except no internet.
Weak Battery
None.
Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life amp;#13; amp;#10;
Slow to download
none really
cost of toner cartridge
No call display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
the exet pray is not the best
Non-refillable cartridges
Noone seems to run it on sale.
none so far
Can be quite pricey.
not too many options, very little zoom
Eats batteries (unless you have NiMH rechargeable ones)
Price
The PUPPY  Makes Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom is only 3x
Poor picture quality and no flash.
Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
Complicated. Too small?
Takes at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
vibrate, voice name dialing
*Quality of videos and photos is poor without much light.
Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
price
Unusable holster, short battery life and always buzzing around speakers
Oh so much.
none
Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
Battery life
speed
No ac/dc converter-no case
Car seat a little bulky
Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
a little slow  amp;amp; expensive refills
Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
Display fonts too small -
Not a con for everyone, but connected through Rogers AT T
NOT the highest resolution, but megapxels are highly overrated! Picture Gear Software
Pictures quality
Everything
pic quality varies,  expensive battery
don't know when you will run out of ink!
Seems quite delicate.
Cost of operation
Size and shape. #13; #10; #13; #10;
Reception only average, poor menu system, lousy manual
low noise during video, a little bulky.
Too cheap to keep
Batteries often need to be replaced
Lack of features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
Doesn't do dishes.
No viewfinder
People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
Bad reception, volume too low
everything about it!
Not a laser printer
I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
less than eight wheels
hard to find retail
Battery life
Buttons unreadable in some light conditions. Unresponsive when receiving messages or no network.
Some animations and sounds can't be changed, having to download only with Telus online.
Expensive initial investment
Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
programming, picture printing
Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
Paper feeding is quite noisy
Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
Poor speed and quality
Service isn't so great in small areas
Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
Holds only small quantity of paper in feeder
A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
I don't see any cons about this printer.
back heavy, tips far too easily
Poor battery life
Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
No optical zoom, no high speed com port
no alarm clock, limited service area, no good ring tones
SUCKS FOR ME
somewhat small, odd shape to handle
Bulky
LCD screen in dim light
No viewfinder and memory stick.
Poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate feature.
None
Not the smallest of the portables by far, but still a good one, need to change ink cartridges more often
CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
None
Cheap
None yet
slow to write data to disks
No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
EVERYTHING!
Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
Not as fast as a laser printer
transfer to PC slow
Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
a little problem printing from quark
Expensive, some features are more complicated to execute than needbe
UNRELIABLE
Where shall I begin?
You can get a much better phone and camera today for the retail price
can be hard to hear on
Didn't come with a printer cable.
Color printing can be slow at higher resolutions
Hard to use with one hand
Its pretty awefull.
Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
Only 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480. amp;#9; amp;#9; amp;#9;
No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
Mis-marketed as a world phone. No speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
Back cover is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
Limited speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, crashes, breaks when you drop
Not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
no voice dial, no one button access to address book
can't easily adjust the volume while using the phone
Zoom is a little noisy.
Heavy,Big
Rare glitches
a bit heavy
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
no flash, hard to understand directions, cheap construction
EXTREMELY HIGH RADIATION
"Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
Average quality, battery life overrated
Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
Dim Lights
poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
Cheap shell, poor battery life with flash, weak software
Little on the expensive side
Double AA batteries.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
When used for photos ink runs out rather quickly.
Not much memory, not really pretty and small
Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
adapter and battery usage
Price, incompatibilities
Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at first use.
Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
Major inconvenience, requires constant attention
The manual can be a little complicated
can be noisy
Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
No cable included - but printers never include them!
Bad reception ,bad clarity
No TV interface.  4 MB card comes with it.
Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
NONE
Speed
expensive
long lag time, difficult macro option
front pops out
Wish it had a lens cap.
Phone book interface a little hard to get used to
Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
Bad service, expensive add-ons
Voice activation not always reliable, awkward to hold.
Blue ink required to print black, quality paper needed
Lots of them.
i cant think of any
Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
new accessory device connector, stereo headset in box, no Bluetooth
uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
Difficult storage area, large size
doesn't wear well,
Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.
Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
Slow to download
battery life, software lacking.
Slightly confusing menus...
Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
The only color is black
small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
Software, Support
low DPI
only one tray
Trying to write words on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
sometimes it doesnt even dial!
no zoom lens
Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
Build quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of camera where your finger rests.
A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
Just one, lag time between shots.
Canon is too cheap to include case or a larger compactflash card amp;#13; amp;#10;
No Fax
small keys
Feels cheap
Text looks kinda fuzzy.
No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera
No optical zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
Expensive
Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
picks up your surroundings more than other phones
shutter delay, no USB connector
Hard to use, poor sound.
Bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
Print Quality, Driver Software (TERRIBLE), General Functionality, Poor Paper Handling.
Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, meager 16Mb xD Card
Complex.  Could be simplified. #13; #10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare;
So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
Horrible battery life, phone prone to defects
there is no face plate
awkward size
A bit tough to hold on to
Slower and slightly lower color quality than some. But cheaper too.
Switching snap-on covers can be a pain
low battery life
Not easy to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
poor quality
No battery life, not dependable, worst in class keypad.
hate the little antenna
top/rear feed tray overhang
May want to purchase extended battery
Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
Battery life
vibrate, voice name dialing
Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
Didn't work
None in my book!
Does not light up
Slower to print
Such an old model, no color screen, no multimedia, no wireless imaging
None!
not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
Ink gets to be pricey, but worth every print.
Lack of storage space
Potentially weak LCD screen
limited motorola carry options, battery
Problems just aren't worth it.
none
took awhile to get used to
Poor reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, non intuitive user interface
Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
Haven't found any yet!
poor paper handling
Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
Not all the features of the Z52.
No USB sync, backlight poor
battery life
battery life is short.
None
software
Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a truck ran over it.
A bit thick, but worth it.
No undercarriage basket.  Could use taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
Wimpy ring; Size may be a problem for those with visual impairments or large hands
clarity
no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
horrible reception, almost too small.
extra cartridges are a little spendy
Flimsy antenna
no auto timer
Small buttons.
None I can think of.
Hard to format disc, Battery life too short.
expensive ink and paper
The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
battery life, costly product
Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
Keys easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
Singleband
feels flimsy, ringers not too loud
You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
No zoom, no sound in movie mode
Battery life
Pitiful hinge. Pitiful speaker.
Ink usage is quite high
Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, awkward to hold.
Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
NONE
Expensive
Does  lt;b gt;NOT lt;/b gt; fully recline.
The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
Lens cap keeps falling off.
ink, paper feed problems
thin plastic paper catcher
Flimsy paper tray arrangement
None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt.
Slippery- Should have come with Soft Cover and DC Charger. Battery life questionable.
No Caller Groups
expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full page high quality pictures
Loves to eat Batteries!
Maybe the price could be 400 dollars.
Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
Do not use Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
It breaks!
a lil noisy
Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
Slow printing on photo paper
none
poor networking support, questionable tech support
Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
None, it's an excelent unexpensive phone.
quickly dying speaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
Has trouble with large bumps
Low battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact Flash
NONE
The camera can use a litter better resolution
Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
Does not record sound
short battery life, shuts down, charging port goes bad and phone won't charge.
None
Large, but understandable due to  amp;#13; amp;#10;12X18 prints
Kind of pricey, could maybe use some more zoom.
2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
It doesnt work
nine
Antenna design and warranty support
uses up ink cartridge fast
shutter, horrible lens cap, and settings
monthly charges add up
chubby and stout compared to the phones coming out.
size, not a lot of "latest" features
touchpad can be sensitive, most accessories sold separately
no video with camera, could be lighter, moderately expensive
3x zoom is not true zoom.
Haven't found any yet.
antenna doesn't extend/retract
Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
Features for price, Proprietry connectors.
none that I have experienced.
amp;quot;Professionals amp;quot; may want higher resolution
Eats up batteries with the LCD on + no power adaptor provided.
May not be for those who are serious about their photography...
borken less than 6 weeks
Short power cord, takes up lots of desk space
Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
none
Unreliable, time and resource wasting machine.
Envelope printing. Must be fed in manually
automatic flash,no previews too pricey
Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
None so far
Slightly slow and seems big.
not comfortable for long conversations
Ink's will cost you $60 for all.
Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
hard to believe,found NONE
Small memory stick, display could be a bit bigger
Just about everything else about it
1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
Battery Life  amp; No Date option
Black OR color printing
Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
None, except, maybe, price.
Kind of Heavy
Bad antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
don't know of any
Photo quality is good but not great.
No Internet browser, display most definitely NOT for the visually challenged.
Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no optical zoom
battery life when using LCD
Shutter lag, enlargement quality, battery life
Not quite small enough for your pocket, average battery life
it's a digital camera
Sometimes hard to see screen, animations take too long
Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, bland colors, SLOW
1200
Battery drainer.
Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
?
battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
Poor clarity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
Color sometime off on color prints
Battery life; overall sound; upgradability
No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
Hard to use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
Very bad speaker which vibrates, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
only can go through AT amp;T
Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
Fragile; very short battery life; cool features not compatible with my wireless service.
Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
no cables included, expensive
printing photos, customer service
you have to buy alot of batteries
Pricey
price of the ink cartridges
Signal strength not great at times.
No optical viewfinder, poor button placement
Haven't been able to find any yet.
cannot be used as web cam
Features do not include a movie mode.
Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
Not really any cons for this phone.
Reflective LCD frame, delicate port/battery covers.
Manual really sparse
Can't answer the phone while it's in the belt clip...even with a headset.
Battery life is less than expected
Sprint network needs to add additional digital coverage.
None
Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads like to clog.
Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
Display screen, speed taking pictures, Olympus Web site.
no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
Batter life (not too bad though), no external color display (I know, picky)
Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
phone isn't very easily stored as a flip phone would be
how'd i make that call?
Pictures only good for email.
Learning how to use it
on the large side, horrible Sprint customer service
none of it very well
prints slowly
Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
Low Battery Life
None
Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
inhales batteries, 2x zoom
Long shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
Paper feeding disaster
may be too small for some
None for us
Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
Price, flimsy antenna, weight
Photo quality limited to higher end papers
Not Newest/Fastest
Battery life
Need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
interface seems a little buggy
doesnt protect 100% from sun
Has no low / middle battery indicator.
sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and no camera
NONE.
Loud
Monochrome display.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signal
Somtimes screen blacks out
No viewfinder, battery life could be better
Needs larger capacity smartmedia, no optical zoom, distorts pictures slightly
no LCD display
Keys easy to bump if guard not on
Poor hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
trigger button NEED EXTRA memory sticks, AND extra battery
A little bulky compared to new phones
No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
not reliable!
none
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
The phone book has disappeared on two different phones.
2X Zoom could be better, skimpy 8MB  included compact flash card
Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
Costs more than some would want to spend
Ring/vibrate combo only with high vol. ring
Pricey
warrantee
LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
Noise, lowered quality over time.
Programmed ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
i dont think any
not perfect pictures, higher resolution=less capacity
Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
Not perfect photo graphics but excellent w/right paper
Not the most mega pixels on the market, CF cards expensive
tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
Default settings
Drum Unit Assembly
Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
Battery life, holster
grainy LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
nothing
timer needs to be reactivated after each use
ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
limited availibility of accesories
poor reception, poor battery life, factory defects
Annoying.
Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
See above.
Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
Macintosh LocalTalk needs an optional interface card.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
I can't find any, it's a great camera
Detection problems with colors and paper
VOLUME STINKS
Bulky and expensive
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Not many from what I can see.
Hard to find one in great shape now, buttons can wear out
Ink Streaks
No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode.
No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
RIP-OFF cartridge pricing. Can't use black-only if color is exhausted. Duplex printing very slow.
can't get photos downloaded/developed
Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
Works great until it pops  until the ink starts spurting all over  that was bad!
Battery life, slow startup cycle times, under-powered flash amp;#13; amp;#10;
...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon says no fix forthcoming)
Small ink cartridges
Not so stellar text output, slow print speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
Short battery life, No voice activated dialing.
Mine blew up
Signal strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
expensive
Discontinued, large size makes carrying on ones belt or pocket impossible.
I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
Cost; battery life; size; annoying rings
It's hard to communicate with a paperweight
Sometime Prints Sideways
Noisy
antenna, antenna, antenna
none
Too bad printing quality printing in fast mode, problems with the windows ME driver.
Poor garbled/muffled sound quality...both ways due to Nextels 6-1 network...NOT a coverage issue.
will frezze if you use to much space, Too basic for a phone junkie downloader
Placement of numeric keys
A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
volume is too low. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
Only 4MB memory stick supplied, rechargeable battery needed.
Slow warming up  amp; between pictures.
RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
Battery endurance. Ergonomics.
Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and a bit bulky.
Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build quality mediocre.
No clock, large size, SIM card displaces easily.
Poor paper tray
None.
Battery life is too short. The "macro" feature is weaker than I hoped.
A bit pricey for small budgets, otherwise, no cons.
Terrible reception, software bugs
Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
need to buy more memory, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adapter, (all for about $100)
Somewhat flimsy.  Reception is questionable.
Extremely slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
dropped calls; random shut-offs; poor voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
LCD is small, software isn't the best
Sync software needs work, no belt clip, complex, expensive
Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
None that I have noticed
Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
battery life is not that great, night shots aren't an improvement
very hard to figure out how to work
Availability
A little pricey
Wireless web has been unreliable of late
no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
none, just be aware of what it was made for
Goes dead often with lens still extended
USB incompatibility
muffled sound sometimes
hard to use
I haven't found any yet, I will edit if I do.
When turning it on you have to wait for the lens to come out!
A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
not best quality, but ok
Print quality marginal when new,then deteriorates rapidly.
None, so light and thin, you may lose it.
Would like a color screen for web service.
Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
bad resolution
none
long printing time at highest quality
Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the phone 2 years so what do i expect
Major installation problems, works for some  amp; doesnt for others.
Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll free number to call for service
not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't cheap
none
very hard to upload on to a pc
Limited memory and Of course the speaker phone bug
Bulky, not 35mm quality
Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
none that I can think of
low battery life, holster problems
Unreliable.
No USB connection, takes 1 million years to download. The flash is not strong enough.
low battery life, not very loud
could have more mega pixles
I CAN'T THINK OF ANY
Where's the clock
Need steady hands,, Tiny controls
Confusing Menus
None
Battery life, Serial connection
none so far!
Weak flash with long recycle time
Larger than the newer phones
Photos have poor contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper Feed
Didn't work well for taking pictures of my wiggly baby. Confusing to use at first.
Bulky, print quality is average
slow downloading pictures to a computer, no optical zoom
battery life, picture quality
No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
None
VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard way!)
speakerphone is somewhat useless
Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink is really charcoal grey.
cannot receive two radio signals at once
A little bit expensive for those new mothers.
up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
a little slow
performance
Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual.
Costly ink usage
Price
A little too hefty for the average hip pocket
Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit confusing
Battery life is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
Heard of a 15 minute man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
Battery-life. Parallel port connection
Can't store calling cards in it.
Connection cable must be bought seperate
Downloading to computer is a little tricky!!
As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
Ring tone and alerts could be louder
Keys a bit sticky
Expensive - Large Size
Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
Not Support on Windows 2000
Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image printing, supplied drivers not excellent
Haven't found one yet
so-so battery life.
yt
Camera is sufficient.
Not good printing quality
needs battery charger
Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
Bluetooth Implementation
Ink is a problem
Should ship with bigger mem card
Does not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
Gets fingerprints on LED window
Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
the phone is a bit heavy
On the large side of current phones.
Color cartridges are high cost
Paper feed problems, uses ink quickly
poor reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not loud enough.
Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no built-in games??
A little hard to get up curbs.
boring green backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
Short drum life, obtrusive software
Controls are basic, no ac adapter
None
Battery life. Signal strength.
A little on the heavy side for what size it is
The flip and sometimes slow catching up process when you press a key
The HP ink is still too expensive
Costly refills (but they do last a while)
must be high-tech friendly
For the average person there are many features you will not need to use.
Very sensative to light for photo quality.
for $35?  none
- limited functionality with EX series speedlights amp;#13; amp;#10;- poor low light focus
Image noise
nothing I can see
Slightly more expensive than some others.
Not loud enough, distorted-
Plasticy, sound quality not excellent.
Poor Image Size  amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
A bit heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
cartridge prices
nothing
Small size for big hands
WISH IT WAS A  quot; quot;WORLD PHONE quot; quot;
Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
Afraid to lose it
Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty.
None
High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
Too big for some?
Terrible battery life, bad reception, too long to connect to Wireless web
need to switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
none
None
low res, doesn't print the greatest
none if you are not a professional photographer
Confusing menu system, lit display drains battery
SEE ABOVE
Sucks the life out of batteries
No speakerphone, several other small inconveniences
None that I noticed.
Heavy, difficult to maneuver
Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
will not take motion pictures
Color Prints
Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate.
Features, user friendliness
Hard keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
A bit big
Nothing out of the ordinary
Large size and print speed
Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, faded lcd screen.
Muffled tones (may be just mine), no proven track record.
-Lack of Advanced Featuers
It takes awhile sometimes to take a photo.
No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
Poor RF performance
hard on batteries
i had to buy a Large case because it is a Large camera!
Quality control?
Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
short USB cable
Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
quality of unit,
Menus are small.
Bad manual, doesn't fit my ear!
not enough disk space
Battery life, reception, durability, no web browser
Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
Not a one
Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2 amp;quot; LCD screen)
I will never use all of the features!!!
Awful, awful, awful reception
Wretched voice volume
Clumsy drivers, defaults annoying
Shape is the only real drawback
Dynamic quality issues
CDMA and Nokia do not mix
Nokia Customer Service
ink guzzler
battery life, ring and voice volume low, cheap feel,
no a/c adapter with purchase
Flimsy lens cap
none
difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; reception
a little slow
The scanner and fax are really bad
None.
Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, slow to start up
Costly Ink, very slow
Goes through ink like a baby goes through diapers, unreliable, slow
DURABILITY!
Bad quality in LCD screen,
Price, flash, is just a point a shoot.
Slow shutter trigger makes action shots difficult
Significant cash rebate ending soon!
Labels seem to transfer slowly.
only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
slow downloading pictures
Software, battery life
haven't seen any, yet
No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some areas
Slow interface, fragile flip, buggy firmware, small screen
Unreliable
None
No text messaging
Interface somewhat clumsy
12
locks you in to AT amp;T
Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
antenna and battery size
Not as flashy as some other phones
battery, menus, boxy shape/awkward
Everything.
doesn't work
none
Just basics
costly little bugger
See Writeup
Inadequate manual for something with so many features
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Color match, tech support
reliability, performance
display problems.
Clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
cannot store email addresses.
none
Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
Graffiti writing requires some practice, dim screen in sunlight, poor speakerphone pickup
Weak flash, slow shooting
Baby can't recline, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first try
Antenna pretty flimsy
Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
top loading
No optical zoom.  Few settings for shots or for image storage.  Battery.
Weaker signal pickup than previous 6xxx phones. Quiet in car kit.
none
Not very stylish, not many ringer types, wish antenna was built in.
If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
What cons?
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
No Viewing Screen
battery life
Relatively high SAR
Poor Reception, Fairly Weak Battery
short battery, press any key-press to put through
none
Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
image gets distorted if phone not held steady
The screen is not as visible as I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
clunky, pricey
A little noisy.
black ink runs dry, tech support sucks
Battery life, form factor.
No Windows XP support; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
bulky and expensive
Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
Bad build quality, worst low level customer support I have ever encountered
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lack of external LCD (dusty and all)
Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
Costs of replacing ink
Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
LCD panel is a bit small, eats batteries like crazy
single band, kinda cheap feel.
Reception?  Maybe.
drains battery quite fast
A little heavy; no cup holders
not a camera phone
Flash only reaches 10 feet, No built in lens cover, , ,
This digital camera is larger than average
Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
Manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
Everything else
Picture quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
battery life!!!
Battery doesn't last the time stated and no ring plus vibrate feature.
print speed
goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
problems installing, defective
Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for the same money
Could do a little better on distance
poor Motorola menu structure, awful battery life, buggy software
slow
No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
Price and weight
not for wanderers
Horrible quality.
Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
Can't change lens
Download Speed
Can't dock it to a Mac.
Battery Life
not too many features
Lots: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket parts.
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
battery life in phone, can only store 10 people on speed dial
sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, below average reception
does not have an ac adapter with it
photos sometimes to dark
On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
It's analog and has horrible battery.
Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
what's not to like?
Tiny wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
Battery life seems awful short
Durability stinks!, operates hot and does not start quickly.
Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
Mirror too small, bad games, poor sound quality, bad reception.
Slightly soft focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
Expensive and still quite cumbersome
hard to change cover
Battery life and zoom
printer software better on the Cannon
It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
Wheels could be bigger, or air.
Very poor reception, unsupportive customer service
Not east to find good accessories.
cartridge cost
Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, functions not working.
Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
The operating system is attractive and user-friendly.
What good is a pretty phone if you almost never can get a signal!
none
Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs hot after 10-15 mins.
A little long/thick in size
Gucky Nokia ringtones.
None
Even Best Buy says -DUMP IT!
battery consumption
non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
None!
High Battery Usage
Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
Heavy stroller
Small size is a little disconcerting at first.
NO SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
battery monster, must have win98
Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
The only thin i found is that the built in flash is sotra  weak  (needs to be a wee bit  more powerful)
won't accommodate legal paper
Buying accessories ...
Sound quality is awful
No basket, a little tricky to fold up.
Price
none
Signal Strength
No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
ink usage, epson customer service, loud
The very short battery life.
no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
Poor battery life.
Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
Have to push button to activate voice dial
none
Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
Software that came from Canon
No usb cable included.
could do with more pixals
Noisy paper feeder.
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Kind of slow
Poorly manufactured, relatively large.
Short Battery Life
Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
Slow photo printing.
Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
un-clear printing quality
color, battery life, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
Short battery life.
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
A bit loud and shakes when printing
I wish the face plates were cheaper, and the battery life better.
Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
Noisy, does not allow for stiff copy.
takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
Haven't found anything I don't like
None amp;#13; amp;#10;
No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
Didn't find any
ink is expensive, but not more than most other printers
Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
no bad things about phone
Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, baskets very small
Antenna seems easy to break, but can be retracted.
1.3 megapix, no zoom
hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
none (compared to 8860)
No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
Low image resolution, eats batteries
Approx 70 pct of time it will not print an address on an envelope.
Have to use original inks from Epson
Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast.
limited camera specs, bulky watch
Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
not all the features of a SLR camera
One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.
poor key light
Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
Picture quality is  not the best
The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag,
Not simple to operate, number keys can be cumbersome, gets smudged and dirty easily.
Backlight display
Cost
Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
limited to existing lens
Uses a lot of ink
Everything else
Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot
No Bluetooth..aargh!
received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
Yeah, I'd like to see YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that turns them off.
See Review Above
Internal antenna design flaw(?) contributes to poor service in some areas.
Handles are fragile.
no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
Eats Batteries(4 at a time),Mediocre Picture Quality, Bulky, Hard To Hold
Loves the ink
Battery life when using video camera
batteries dont last long
can't change seperate ink tanks, ink goes quick
Poorly placed flash, no hotshoe and long photo lag
awkward volume buttons, no voice dial, weird ringer, flimsy battery and earpiece jack covers
Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone Service
Short battery life (if you don't have the dock)
Slow, Expensive development
antennae nub
Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
A bit expensive...but worth it..
need more simplified operating buttons
Bulky antenna, ugly faceplates, not enough light, no games, unexciting,ugly,horrible reception
Battery life and durability.
bulky
many!
The speed could be a little better
-video is useless
somewhat pricy, no video camera
a little slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
No Wireless Web, huge antenna
High Power Consumption
Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image quality, crappy software.
open face allows it to get smashed
Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
Slow color prints
Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
Odd shape if you're not used to it.
The software can sometimes be a cumbersome install.
User manual useless.  Phone book not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
overexposed pics
The holder is awkward
Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
antenna, uncomfortable on holster
Need GOOD lighting for pictures
Antenna fragile and poorly designed.  Other potential hardware issues
Battery could have more standby and talk time.
Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't come with a USB cable.
No official Linux support, and incomplete unofficial support.
tech support is awful
Bulky and heavy
everything
very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricey
Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
practically drinks ink
expensive ink cartridges
sound quality sounds a lil staticky at times, no regular sounding ringtones
External flash provisions not good.
Interface responsiveness.
low picture storage per disk
Laggy, not durable, voice quality isn't good
Chronic battery issues with this model
NOTHING!
very slow, not many features
Menu isin't easy like Nokia's
short battery life, limited options
phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring tones
No optical zoom
Short battery life
heavy, wide, expensive
lens cap... that's about it
somewhat large especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect,
Eats batteries, have to buy optional power supply
The 6340i will not stay on, this is a documented problem that should be addressed.
Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can get annoying
Certain menu navigations; Width
carry a brick around on your belt, then you'll know
Works like a cheap printer
The charging cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on the phone.
None so far.
Cost, small included memory card
NO FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
The ink cartridge is expensive.
Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
A bit too noisy, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need lots of desk space
No camera
NONE
Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
Expensive, fewer custom covers available for this model
No durability, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
It is very expensive!
Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
Can be noisy. No on/off switch,long time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
Get ready to buy batteries in bulk.
Drains Batteries
buggy USB driver
fast mode is marginally noisy.
computer interface
Eats up batteries.
wimpy zoom
HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
Not for prints over 3x5
Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
underexposes indoor flash pictures. Mode knob broke..common problem!
1st one broke
Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately high price.
Battery life, Memory card size
Not the best of the best!
I can't think of one
Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
bulky, hard to push, expensive
a bit slow
The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
Short battery life; fussy USB.
Color photos not as crisp as I'd hoped (but not too bad)
A little on the pricey side.
I keep dialing numbers by accident from my purse.
Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable
Battery life  amp;amp; Download time.
Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
Could be clearer, semi-dated
lt;i gt;Feels lt;/i gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
the black color
Below average image editing software.
Ferocious use of batteries
Signal Reception.
NONE
battery life, battery life, battery life
Cheaply build, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you expect?
Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
Slow!!!
slow, noisy, low paper capacity, runs through toner quickly
Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
leather case is cheap
The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
haven't found anything yet.
Hard to get at, storage basket.
Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches easily
Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
confusing, missing basket and cup holder
its whack
Battery life isnt too long
Hard to push with one hand, comes with little storage.
Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
The turning is not that easy
difficult to install, poor tech support
Prints a little slowly when printing in color
No USB, Menu a bit confusing
too many to list; please refer to the review
keypad is cramped
EVERYTHING
fragile lens
Toner is expensive.
No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
Nokia 8310
No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
Ink replacements are expensive
Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops calls, Non stop problems
Consumes allot of ink. Not good for office use.
Keys may be a bit small for some people.
expensive ink
Eats the Ink!
saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
Slightly wobbly; Small wheels; On the short side
Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
Does not vibrate
Very small ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
not for 2 small children
Ink cartridges needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
Not a flip-phone!
print alignment problems. slow.  unrepairable. awkward design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
Ringers and earpiece can be quiet.
slow print speed
Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, difficult to turn on and off.
Too big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.
Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
None
Battery life
not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
not good for travel, small basket
low stroller handles
Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
Better get Ni-Cad batteries
$200 cost of phone
paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
no storage
may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
Bit awkward to hold.
Poor reception, recharge jack design.  Insufficient volume.  No alarm clock.
Cost
Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
The indoor shots look grainy, even with flash; no audio with video
Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
4 Mb memory stick is too small
Envelope problems, thirsty for ink
Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
Buying the ink Cartridges often
Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
Jack of all trades, master of none
A bit on the girlie side
Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
cant find personal ringtones for it
Can't think of any cons
picture quality
Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
Flash still not great.
does a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
Poor Flash, No camera case
Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
A little slow?
Poorly built, not actually made by Compaq.
slightly short battery life, digital zoom, not a video camera
small keypad
Expensive, learning curve, flimsy antenna
Noisy, slow, irritating
dated
No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
issues with customer service
Difficult to see LCD screen in bright sunlight.
dropped calls, hard to use for some
Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
Flash pop up in your hand.
occasional problems with battery
-
Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
mediocre battery life, very light on features, few accessories
I kind of feel bad for the person that bought it.
Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, buttons too small
battery life pretty short when using LCD
Text and black artwork not as dark as a laser printer
Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
Picture quality, picture quality
Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
Too pricy
none
flash
Oversized as a phone, hard to see display in day time
lens cover scratches the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is hard to see under the sun;lack LCD display  on top of the camera
INK DOES NOT LAST  amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
poor accessories
Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is way too low
You get what you pay for
Poor Reception, Moderate Battery Life, Screen Not Protected, No Conventional Ringers, Slow CPU, Headset Clarity
Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
Price
numbers are too small
Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
gsm is expensive
Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
Flash range is too short.
just the symbols on the buttons
loose battery
pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
no cons
The Limited Choice of colors on the case
Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
Grainy exposures unless in  amp;quot;super fine amp;quot;mode  amp;quot;12 shots available without memory card/ Runs down batteries quickly when screen and flash is used often
Price. Display may be hard to read in bright sunlight.
Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold weather.
You can't down load ringers or graphics
poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
User-selected ring volume works only when phone is OPEN!! Wait, there's more!
Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a lot of Nokia color faces
Heavy,and hard to turn.
Short battery life, small storage
No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
Customer service, warranty in the gray area
Still an Ink Jet.
OS software glitches/lockups
No outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
Ink cartridges are more expensive
NOt an all purpose but who cares?
Battery-drainer
Menu and phonebook
Cheesy stylus, maximum 128MB memory capacity.
poor paper transport
Doesn't come with the data cable
pricey replacement cartridges
Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
small; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
Big, heavy, expensive, requires a lot of power.
Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
Minor design flaws
Offers more than you can expect from it, but not everything ;)
Bad button placement, touch screen and call do not mix well.
Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles clog,very noisy,poor support
none
None?
Little on the heavy side.  Larger than I would prefer.
none
Memory card needs to be at least 64MB to have a lengthy shooting session
None
Costly ink, but whose isn't?
Not your smallest phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
Battery life not long enough
Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
Antenna broke a couple times.  Battery life isn't so hot.
None for the price
tiny size, expensive
Lack of USB and others
Menu system can be improved
not as nimble after a couple of months
??price??
Black ink cartridge runs out quickly.
Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
None.
Drivers not XP compatible amp;#13; amp;#10;Product Support Minimal amp;#13; amp;#10;Product Doesn't Work
It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
Poor reception, too many features and options
a little big for girl
SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
Need to get other products to support it
Haven't found one yet!
it only works sometimes, poor picture quality
No rechargeable battery, small LCD
Just a couple of minor flaws
Battery was constantly dying
Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
Eats batteries, slow image download.
Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
Long intiation
drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
As with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
Flip-tops are more convenient.
Expensive
low quality pictures, eats up batteries
We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
Larger than flip phone, ear piece
Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
none
EVF limitations cause frustration
Cheaply manufactured and small basket
none
battery life, flimsy rubber port cover
No ability to disable t-9. No included software for scheduler. No ring tones
Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
Uploading of pics slow
cord shorted out
None
Size and ink cartridge cost
Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
Battery life
Delayed reaction on button
Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues.
The only thing negative I can say is that the games are horribly silly.
Problematic, long warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
lack of options
Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish ringers were louder
Cost
Slower than a Ronco infomercial
Feeble bundled memory card
Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, Bad Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
print speed (why do they always lie??)
battery life sux if you don't condition it properly.
A little pricy
None
New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
a little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read review)
Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the phone when talking to someone
The stubby antenna.
Not as high quality resolution as others
small buttons
It should have been designed thinner like the the rest of the newer Nokia phones.
I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???
not durable, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, small buttons
Weak flash, Not the best in  amp;quot;auto amp;quot; low light
Other Nokias have more features,no internal vibrate mode
None
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
Photos somewhat blurry @ maximum size,  No optical zoom, some shutter lag.
Expensive, Fragile.
Low battery life with standard batteries.
could use better zoom
Audio sound not as clear or loud as it could be.
Bulky (Particularly with a High-Capacity Battery)
Doesn't take photos well at night.
Higher price, come with too small memorystick
In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
Loud Loud Loud
None
Number of Keys required to press to view address book
phone volume is sometimes low, buttons on face are begging to be bumped
Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
One word- Batteries.
Just a little slow, but that's it!
Menu, size, cost
3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
No optical zoom, No USB
Annoying shutter lag, , Parallax error in close shots, , Requires lens cap,
no zoom
a little slow and noisy
AWFUL reception/signal , quick battery drainage
poor optical zoom, when digital zoom low quality
Might be too small for some tastes.  Occasional dropped call.
Haven't found any yet!
bulky, battery life, lack of bluetooth
battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
It's a Siemens phone
Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
if you want a camera, this phone won't get the job done.
Didn't Include Games
None
none
Durability of Product,
low volume level, sticky buttons
A little on the expensive side.
Basket is a little small, but that's ok.
eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
Viewing screen in bright light.
Power  amp; LCD (see review).
Annoying Software, Older Model
no external card memory, small menu keys
eats AAs, no AC adapter included
stays lit while charging
no good holster/leather case designed yet.
Size and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
Eats Batteries like snacks
can't think of any.
careful not to plug in while software is running
Ringtones hard to program, charger is a pain
No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
Software is a little lacking
It doesn't have a color screen.
Need to buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
Lens Cap Cover falls off
No direct camera connection, Manual alignment
If you go over 2 hours you'll be dead in the water!
No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
Single band
Doesn't print glossy or large prints
heats up, less than stellar battery life, breaks up a lot
Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
text output is not as sharp as some other printers
Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD
No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
small basket
no zoom
Voice quality is poor.
poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes.
slow data transfer, poor battery usage
Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
none
you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, poor speakerphone
haven't found anything yet!
The cartridge gets clogged easily and it costs just as much as the printer
No call log, cannot customize sounds
Occasionally mis-focuses some subjects in autofocus mode
No built in timers
Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
Unthreaded lens, difficult to use full zoom without tripod.
none
Price and slight shutter lag amp;#13; amp;#10;
Nanh
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
Not shareable over network
Not to many faceplates currently out
bulky , FRAGILE
A vinyl case would be a nice standard accessory.
Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
Pricey.
Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
No zoom
Uses alot of batteries
Uses a lot of battery power
read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
Basically Everything.
remember it's lightweight
Low battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
Can't take long movies
A low end model, not for heavy graphics or photographs
Expensive for what you actually get, bulky in size/weight.
Belt Clip is bulky and needs to be wore in.
none noted.
No bluetooth. Expensive.
Might be too small
Purchase of external AC power,
A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
No removable memory, no flash
a little heavy  amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
The unit is HUGE! bad reception, lacking of important features
Battery life could be better!
loudest ring may not be loud enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
doesn't work in  some small communities
still not as good a quality as film
Inadequate software
The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
limited zoom
Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
only holds one ink cartridge at a time
Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
Slow print speed, expensive replacement cartridges.
Poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
Old model can easily be surpassed by newer, better and cheaper ones.
Battery life
Non-scratch resistant display, antenna is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
No microphone and the battery runs down fast.
kind of pricy
not found any yet, for home use. Not quite good enough for production work - stick to dye sub for that
Needs a on  amp;amp; off switch for flash
none
Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't Color.
none
Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
No Voice Dialing
No speakerphone, Not able to have ring tones for each party.
size, however acceptable because of built in speaker
removed solitare:)
Airtime in not free.. :) Once you use this phone you will burn some airtime.
Continually Powered
Only 2x zoom, Battery hog (Rechargable Battery optional)
Missing storage, hard to collapse
If you go for the products that look the best, don't buy this.
price, bulky design, memory hogging drivers
tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
Limited Warranty
no email, slider takes getting used to
way too slooooooow
Screen size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
bulky
slow print speed, uses alot of ink
No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
Should have come with NimH batteries
none
Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
could us more storage.
No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
Pricey cartridge refills.
none
It's not worth your penny.
external antenna accessories not available
none that I've found yet
cheap, unreliable
no downloadable ringtones or games
No alarm clock
Problems with  single envelope feed
Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / takes a while to regain a lost signal
vibrate, voice name dialing
thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
Case not very durable and antenna is flimsy
Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality
A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
Pages Per Min
Key lock, battery life
Power button, voice recording errors...
Ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
Still looking for one.
None So Far!
Weak red-eye protection, no power adapter.
flash weak for big areas
Display small
Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
pricey
Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
Battery Life
Lack of features.
Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
the green ready light is in my eye
Jams Alot tho!
Unreliable.  This camera has broken twice in less than two years.
Heads clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
Maybe a little small for some people, can't really think of anything else
Not very durable (plastic casing), Ear piece  volume, not many accessories
a little more expensive than some others
Dark=Bad, Camera Shake
Very poor signal strength,  no support for new ring tones.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
Grey color shows dust BADLY, ink prices are outrageous, and no refills, or generics available.
Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
not compatible with iMac
Viewfinder scratches easily, comes with only a 16mb Flash card
Unreliable reception, large size for such a simple phone
Need more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
Does not support Windows 95 USB, needs bigger CF card out of the box
No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
none
Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smudges.
Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
Bad cartridge life
Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
Can be buggy at times.
It works
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
a little costly
It is extremely lightweight and subject to loss if not kept an eye on!
Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
Flash and daylight shooting
Outside button controls are susceptible to unintended use, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
Battery life is 1 day with minimal use after 1 Year.
haven't found any yet..
Please don't drop it!  It breaks easily.
poor control layout, hard to program
either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
See above
doesn't allow double exposure
Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
Fiddly for bigger hands
Should at least have included 32 MB memory stick, No remote control.
no out of camera charger
Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
Hard to get., Pricey
battery life
Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
Drains Batteries/Low Flash
Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
Low resolution for price.
Battery life, when you use the backlight feature.
12 character name field!, no mobile/home/work icons in call history
none...completely satisfied
Small, flat, hard plastic buttons on the keypad. This phone is also expensive.
As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
Wasn't invented earlier!!
No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
poor quality photos, minimum pictures
small basket
I can't get it to turn on
only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
Cost, battery life, battery charger
No coverage, No service, see above
way overpriced
Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized use.
EVERYTHING
antenna
Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
printing could slow down your computer, hard to clear paper jams
Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
A little bulky.
noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
Not user friendly, bad reception, too pricey
Nothing I did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining about.
pic quality and eats batteries
Ink hog, fairly loud when printing
nothing yet
Must buy a USB Cable
batteries run out quickly
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
Poor low-light quality, awful flash, stopped working after a month
Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
Not as rugged as most cell phones
How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
Price of cartridges
No Windows 2000 support at this time
Ring too soft, Volume too low
Short battery life in analog areas, Antenna is useless
The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
none I can think of
Phone is to hot.  Numbers keep falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
Larger than the S110. Relatively high price.
ringer/vibrator
have had it mis-feed a few times
Useless organizer feature, boring games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
Manual inadequate.
LCD screen does not fold all the way out.
Can't think of any
Tripod screw in wrong place, compact flash door stays open, menu hard to read some times
Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
Bad quality on cheap paper.
Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
Can't think of one!
Jammed regularly, very poorly made
Tiny Buttons, Difficult to Adjust to Readout
Very very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink.
no USB
I have found none, so far
Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
view finder doesn't always come on
Printing quality and speed could be better but for an inexpensive printer it is great.
frustrating interface, awful reception
No carrying case
Ink cartridges can run out quicker than others
no zoom
a little bulkier then 35 mm!
Not easy to operate, eats batteries
Vibrate mode makes too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
Battery life, buttons are small, frustrating to navigate through menu's, no games come with it.
Excellent for sending pictures of the family to other family members around the country.  And it enables you to do so in a matter of minutes, from the time you snap your picture to the time you email it out.
short battery life
None that I have found.
No twain
people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
Not Very Many
too minor to mention
Harder to use in low light
constant paper jams, hogs ink, small characters print off-kilter.
LCD is a little small.
Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
Didn't work
Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash card.
DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
None that I have found yet.
Bad Camedia software, slow interface, eats batteries
not great quality in any of the 4, HORRIBLE Tech support
Very poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
non
confusing
warbled electronic sound 1/2 the time. hard to plug in.
rate is a little high
none
1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
lt;b gt;Terminal cover flimsy and hard to use. Zoombrowser software needs improvements. lt;/b gt;
Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, small/lightweight.
none
May be too small for some people.
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
Battery Life
scrolling through address book is annoying
Issues with keystroke delay (lag), slightly less quality from camera
Default battery life low. Earpiece heats up after a long call. Needs easily accessible keyguard.
The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
slightly oversized for its price,
Medium Sized
Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using flash
none
Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently get pushed.
No firewire/USB, a little larger than some, slight distortion at some angles.
It is heavy and big.
Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
as with any merged products there are some compromises
wait time between pictures, requires batteries
None so far.
Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
None, for some the antenna may be a problem.
Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
ink is a little expensive unless you shop around
Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
It uses a lot of batteries.
antenna is easy to hit
sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life
slow speed on printing papers
CHEAP components
software difficult, slow to download, flash cover
No optical zoom
Does not have FM Radio
durability, glitches in software
Check the battery for the performance  amp; then buy it
na
Price may be a factor for some
Small storage card, battery life.
poor battery life, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
Wears out quickly.
hard to hold, small buttons
Slow Photo Printing
Rather sluggish on even simple black  amp; white print jobs.
Extra cartridges needed for the most versatility, quality could be improved, but is still good
None as far as I can tell.
None
Poor battery life, kind of balky
Larger size than other cameras of similar quality on the market
Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
Viewfinder, Hard to hold still
Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
Resolution could be better
None.
not full frame yet, dust, quite heavy
Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
Expensive, terrible UI, poor soundquality
Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
not as fashionable in 2006
Bad design of the hinge - defective
Large footprint; grabs the paper loudly; shakes the desk while printing(!)
Slow, bit of an ink monster!
I haven't discovered any!
Auto color balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connections
Vibrate/Ring function and screen
Batteries can go fast if you dont get good ones
A bit heavy, picture quality in zoom mode isn't too good, lagggg
See Review
Goes through batteries fast, dark display on LCD and optical viewfinder
Low memory means restrictions on printing graphics
Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
Holster must have been designed by a 13 yr old, cover is an engineering afterthought.
Red Eye
none
none
Buttons are not in the most convenient places.
Limited zoom, no viewfinder
None yet.
The Price, but you get what you pay for!
unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
Annoying missed call and message reminders.
size
No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
Noisy, Aged Software
Average Battery, call quality mediocre, fades
none
have not found one yet
It doesn't have a very good camera.
low profile buttons
Software for prints could be a little easier to use.
I needed customer support
only comes with a 4mg stick
Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently causing menu's to seaze.
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
ink is expensive,
not good for outdoor or evening pictures
Some quirks to the low-battery indication.
tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
Antenna sticks out too far, battery life
Battery life is SHORTer than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
drivers?
Print quality leaves much to be desired.
Support, Features, Accessories
will freeze on you; bigger than most phones
Only 1 button
Too expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
finding ink, and print quality
Costs too much, Compact Flash
Can't be repaired except at HP
Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
Picture quality is utterly awful
No zoom, low megapixels
None
May be too pricey!
Vibration weak, only works at max volume. Screen broke after a year.
lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
Expense
a bit bigger than the SCP-4000
No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
cost
a little slow at times
black cartridge hard to find
VERY expensive
Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone calls.
Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
Fairly large and heavy, small basket.
sometimes noisy
mediocre color quality
Typing messages with iTap is not smart enough. Small buttons.
Small memory card, lens cap interference.
No audio in movie mode.
Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano
A bit slower when printing in color.
Some difficulty restarting after paper jam.
not supercompact in size, no rech.
known focusing problems in low light, low megapixels.
very slow, loads one sheet at a time
Time between pictures taken.
Battery Life, Screen hard to see in direct day light.
Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
Complicated, awkward, short battery life
battery life, motion, x2 zoom
no storage
Screen malfunctions, erratic reception, clock functions poorly and disappears.
Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually work, and very bulky.
Battery life is awful, use lcd moderately
The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT. IT IS JUST A GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Everything!
CF Card it shipped with... BOO
battery and small initial CF card, only 3x zoom.
Cheap antenna, terrible battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
Doesn't stop quickly
I fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
See Below
ink availability, slow on images
Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
only holds one ink cartridge at a time
reception, games, voice mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in full sun
Could be smaller, some usage problems.
it breaks,
Badly made in general!
To big and bulky
Size, Shakiness on full zoom
lousy battery, droped calls, terrible phone
Nothing
no ability to visually personalize
small screen for mobile web
a little bit noisy amp;#133; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Bad b amp;amp;w images
No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are hard to find.
Missing zoom, few zippy features
One page at a time
expensive
everything else
Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
nothing substantial
Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
None
No Black  amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software)
Front seat doesn't recline much
Lots.  Read review.
A little Bulky
Sometimes buttons "stick"
Small battery, red-eye
Sluggish performance; Two-sided Print Module is a waste of time and money.
Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
Not intuitive, will break
Unreliable/poorly made.  Three different phones have died on me.
None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
Poorly designed on/off switch, average display
Simply cannot be relied upon.
Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
None!
Nothing worked right
8MB memory card
Battery Life, Camera
It doesn't have the capability to take as many pictures as you want.
needs accessories
None
Heads clog easily, faulty feed mechanism, poor customer service.
no headphone jack or memory expansion slot.
Sometimes has trouble picking up a signal where there is a lot of interferance.
Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
phonebook does not alphabetize
Battery drains almost instantly
doesn't like to share with other printers
screen, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
not always intuitive to know what buttons to push to get the right option
Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 LETTERS TO ENTER FOR NAME
Poor Button Reactivity
The price, and its bulky
Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
Miserable battery life, poor battery cover lock integrity
Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
Look elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring tones, colour screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
slow flash speed leads to delays
short battery life
Should be a way to turn vibrate on without opening flip
The phone is very good, Verizon limited some potentialy great options.
A little harder to carry.
Picture Quality
New technology can have glitches.
ink eater
Too slow for those with high speed needs
It made me broke as hell
Feeding heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a test page.
Bulky, not free-standing when folded
Small, light, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
It gets hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough speed dial locations.
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
the keys are probably a little small
The included strap is good only for the wrist.
Too many settings require going through menus on the LCD
Costly inks
Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes jam
Rather short battery life on standard battery, none else..
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
No carrying case
The machines are not built for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
The ringer is not loud enough.  Poor earphone sound quality.
Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
Lack of control, entry-level picture quality
Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
It is unattractive and cheap looking
Serial only interface
3.5 amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
Poor slider mechanism
view finder does not work well in low light
Some say cartridge price (~$30) but this seems comparable to other inkjet cartridges
Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
Buggy hardware, buggy software.
No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some new features.
good picture quality
Price, A little larger than other cameras.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
Slower than 2200 series printers
none yet
Cheap looking paper trays
A bit slow, uses ink rather quickly.
Nokia marketing are possibly pushing the packet a little too far....
Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too small to read.  Software very limited.
Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
Poor reception, battery life, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
NEVER WORKS
Service quirks, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist light.
On the power cord, calls drop!
Drop calls,bad design, numbers get lost in it
FAT aerial can be a put-off
Lack of accessories with the original package
It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
poor quality
Bad reception,low ringer,ugly interface,very low on options
Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it unattended.
none
?
A little noisy when it grabs a sheet of paper
Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
Internal memory small, camera case not include
poor mpeg movie quality
Color printing is slow
Runs out of ink quickly
.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
Zoom is disappointing
creaky, poor reception, hangs up randomly
cost
a little large, but i think thats it for cons
Somewhat delicate, not given rechargeable batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's more...
The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is conneected.
sloping seat dangerous to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't work
Bad speaker, turns off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
basket is small and difficult to get items out of; rear wheels difficult to lock/unlock
can't find any yet!
When I think of one, I'll let you know
Compared to some phones available, larger than one would want
refill the paper/ink every week for 20 pages
low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
No color printing.
Electronic zoom
Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
talk time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
Print quality not as expected and drinks ink.
lengthy power-on activity, no open print-cartridge sensor
no caller ID
Another different memory card
Interface, very basic phone, no calendar, or to do list.
Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
Not worth the trouble
niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost TOO small for larger hands
died prematurely, slow to get started
Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
a little slow when working with two sided feature
None
a tad bulky, no touch screen interface with phone main screen
Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
Software drivers are a nightmare.
That dastardly voice command button! And the color display eats battery life!
not photo quality
Lens cap hassle - Selector Switch Needs Better Detent, Side Door Opens 2-EZ
none
Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
BATTERY LIFE!
Took a little longer to install
none
Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute counter
Ok batery life, small screen, little too big
Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
Found nothing negative
not the very highest in image resolution.
kind of expensive
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
A little bulky, some think pricey
Battery life is non existant!
low ink reserves
horrible speaker phone quality.
Flimsy paper trays.
Sound quality isn't excellent, lacks data services (I don't care)
Easy to use
Slightly pricey, I have found much pricier phones. Kind of bulky, low battery life.
Ease of use and battery usage
Doesn't compact as small as I would like.
fixed lens
what good is a warranty?
None.
Internal mains charger
battery life, pricey at  amp;gt; $500
Pricey, expensive cartridge
Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
Autofocus tends to hunt a lot, slow startup time
Ring tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very weak and can't set it to both vibrate/ring.
Smile is very low-end, not for the serious digital photo lover.
NONE!
no internal antenna, poor signal at times
Poor picture quality, Poor ease of use
A lot of directions to read.
retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
Bad prints, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
Heads get clogged and out of alignment; bad experience six mo. after purchase
4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
Somewhat small display, pricey
expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
expensive, power button confused with exposure button
None yet found.
Low Zoom, Options
Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
Charger
doesn't grant me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no cons
Verizon Disabled Features
You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
Everything
short battery life, small size makes it hard for large hands to use.
Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
Must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be rejected
Expensive. Confusing menus.
price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
Terrible reception, drops calls easily.
No rechargeable batteries included and the 16MB SmartMedia card is too small!
1st printer DIED of a mystery disease! (read on)
cartridge may read empty when it is not
lack of color, reception, volume, background noise
not much
none
Should come with a power cord
none
Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
Need tripod for closeups, Slow lens extension/retraction
Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
Large footprint
no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
manual is okay but confusing at times.
Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
NONE
poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
bad customer service, bad design
bulky size, low pixels
BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
Haven't found any yet!
lens cap falls off easily
T-Mobile exclusive, camera phone, questionable durability due to slider phone feature
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
Not a very reliable phone, battery does not last long, average reception
needs adapter to work outside of GSM area
Battery life, thick size
none really
Black and white.
LCD visibility in bright sunshine
Some constructional flaws
Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.
External caller id window gets scratched, the phone is a bit thicker than StarTac
Not many features or extras
None
Non-alphabetized address book
Thumbstick, Scratching Screen, Slow Interface
None Observed
Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used.
large size
no speaker, nothing else!
Price of Ink Cartridges
no sound with digital movies (though the picture quality is good)
separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
Pricey, metamerism too evident (shifts to green too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
slow to turn on, no automatic flash
No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
If heads go, printer goes. No  amp;quot;new head every cartridge amp;quot; like with HP or Lexmark.
Ink cost
Too many problems to recommend using
Eats ink like crazy, bad quality!
alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
A few fairly minor hiccups
Shutter lag, cant see through LCD/EVF in the dark.
Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
Really cannot think of any
Bad performance on contrast
Horrible customer service... delivery problems
That little on/off switch sucks
Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
Keys leave marks on screen, standby mode.
drains down batteries fast
N/A
Battery life, flash is terrible
Paper Jams
paper jams, feeding problems
Very picky when using parallel.
all else
Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life.
Does it really need to be this wide?
Very Big Printer.
Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high.
Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
Very expensive and limited services that carry the model.
Looks a big cheap
large size
Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
Restricted to GSM service providers
Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
none that I have come across
The price. The price. The price...ouch
- Needs steady hands
none
difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow speed
Reception, speaker volume, battery life
The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
Can't find clip for it yet.
green lid screen.
no optical zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
Small lens, grainy pictures
Picture subject difficult to see in low lighting.
Other person needs to have the same phone to get the free part of it.....bad reception, too many controls
Slow zoom response, somewhat long start up time, complex controls
100% unreliable.
Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a call.
Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
Low resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
Terrible reception, unbearably slow menu system
can't think of any
none!
expensive tanks and poor tech support
Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
Plastic Face plates!
tall, no wireless web choices
Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
none yet
Only available in GSM (but, I really like GSM)
na
Buggy external caller ID Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
Battery Life, Price of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
Nothing but trouble!!! from AT T and the phone itself.
LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
None.
Ink catridges cost too much.
no optical zoom, small buttons
Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
amount of pictures you can shoot
HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
Battery life, Slow Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
too many options that not many people will actually use
battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricey
You have to top it up every 3 months or lose the number,
Memory chip quite small, no AC adapter included.
Battery Life, Supplied Memory
Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
None so far
None that really stand out, a bit pricy.
none for me
Not reliable ! Needs more ringer choices.
Display a bit utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
Can't push it while lying on the couch.
USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play
Few image stabilizing lenses available
1. The spontaneous freezing
size,ink price
I cannot think of any.
Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
Shutter Lag Time.
Too fragile for everyday use
4M card.
A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no belt clip
battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that great either
plastic parts
Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no range or volume.
Eats batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
Really aren't any that I've found, software should come with it and not cost extra
Poor reception and some menu features hard to use
No zoom
Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
Reception terrible
red eye issues, the focus is sometimes weird
No UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
Durability, Battery Life
Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
Needs TLC and a great deal of prayer to work at all.
Impossible to focus correctly, no flash, very fragile
cheaply made
Bad battery life, serious reliability problems
No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied
Battery life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
does not come with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best bet is to order direct from Epson
no lens cover
Not a long battery life.
You need nail to open it, Camera takes distorted photos, Inaccurate battery indicator, Dropped calls.
Price
none
Battery life
A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
none come to mind
Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
So-so plain paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, clogged nozzles.
Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
A little bulky
Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
Poor reception, poor quality, slow controls. Fails miserably at all phone features.
The phone is non-intuitive
Not as compact as some.
Poor reception
slow uploading unless you have a card reader
you cant hear well with the small speaker
NOT A Photo Quality Printer
seems a little flimsy
On/off button, speaker phone mic works poorly
problems with red-eye
Takes up a lot of room in trunk
The S602 is a real power hog
Battery life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
its a piece
none
standard battery could be better.
no vibrating capability w/o battery, weak battery
Can only record video for 20 seconds at a time.
some purple fringing, battery hog
Often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
Features, Keys, Less User friendly...
no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
Pictures aren't as high-quality.
it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
Fuzzy pictures
Turns off when it should'nt. Kills batteries.Etc.
Loud, slow
really compact, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
Picture blurry when you move slightly
no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
Depletes batteries quickly.
Placement of a couple knobs could be better.
Haven't found any yet
Needs a software upgrade...soon
hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
can't find anything negative to say about this printer
Loves to eat those batteries.
Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
button dials could be louder.
Battery life if not conditioned properly
Battery Life
no carrying case
The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
volume is horribly low
batteries do go quickly
No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
No 3G, accessories hard to find, chager design is poor
Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
battery, probably standard AA batteries would make it more versatile
has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
No web browser, smallish keypad.
Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
shutter lag.
It might be to big for some but for this price
$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
Poor battery life, poor reception, slow charge time
none
Battery life is shallow.
High ink costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
Lacks a good photo-editing program
slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, slow text input
Slightly clunky interface, can't open easily with one hand.
had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
Has to lock keys to avoid dialing if you put it in your purse.
Sloppy switching between transmission towers causes many dropped calls, mostly when leaving a major metro.
Bad reception, slow reaction to user and not very user friendly.
Not Great Quality Even on  amp;#147;fine amp;#148;
Flimsy Durability
does not come with usb/parallel cable!!!
GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
ink cartridges are a bit pricy
loud, broke easily
Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
Very expensive. Power-hungry.
only five pictures per floppy disk
short length of video clips
Jammed trying to print on fabric..
battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
Menus are difficult, and still the limitation of being a digital camera.
Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
No camera case included.
price and small basket
Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
Cheap faulty camera
Pricey must-have accessories
CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
eats AA batteries like crazy
Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual.
Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
Terrible auto-focus; EasyShare software; proprietary battery and weird charging through dock
uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
battery life. software setup could be better
PRINTS WAY TOO SLOW
Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
Doesn't capture movement or wildlife pictures well.
poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
Radio, Camera, Slow menus, Headset design, Build quality
hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
Can be expensive if you don't buy a display model
like everything else
a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
For undemanding home users only
expensive, single band
Manufacturer's Claimed Features Not Functional
none
Damn thing won't find or keep a signal!
buggy OS
Expensive Service Plans
Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper quiet, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
A little hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
bad in low light and action shots
Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
Lots of dropped calls   cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
some options i want, it doesnt have
Larger model
battery life is terrible
Weak flash, may be difficult to use for large hands
8 amp;quot; macro focusing distance
a little squarish and heavy
The only problem I had, was trying to get it to print Quicken checks.
I didn't find any yet.
Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
none yet
battery life, camera, poor tmobile coverage
Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost  amp;amp; frequency ??)
None yet
It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
Needs a zoom for full range of  picture taking
Slow, No stand alone fax
Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
infant part needs more padding
at this price/size?  You're kidding!
Very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
none so far
Printer driver improperly prints from Adobe Acrobat viewer
None found: no glitches, bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and without errors.
Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
Flash distance, poor results in room light
Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
not enough resolution
NONE
MicroSD memory card sold separately.
not on your life
Blurry in low light.
Picture quality isn't that great

none!
Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
a little pricey
Cheap qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
not many features, a little heavy, poor battery life, not great clarity
Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
Blurry images in low light
Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
More than any one phone should have.
runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
average battery life, tiny icons
Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
It is a little slow on printing!
photo size restrictions
None
My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit printing 6 months after warranty expired.
Sort of pricey
Reception problems!
A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
Released too soon, still has way too many bugs.
Somewhat noisy when paper is loading into printer
Getting over switching from film to disk
2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer service
not easily networkable
Malfunctions easily in spite warranty
short battery life
USB transfer not very fast. No zoom. Only 1.3 megapixel.
Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink Usage
the cover is hard to snap on
Rather large unit
software is slow and time consuming
a little slower than more expensive models
flimsy, mine broke
Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
very badly designed user-interface/hotkeys.
Not the most intuitive to understand requiring some reading of the manual.
Poor image quality? slow.
Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp shots.
None at this time
You can't use it to go shopping at the mall.
None
Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
technical support
bulky for small hands, small for larger hands
A little bit small
Software Bug
easily lost its so small
VERY HIGH SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted viewer
slow
Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times.
losing signal turns off keyguard
battery life could be longer
extremely unreliable
eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart media cards, multimedia applications
Battery life SUCKS!!!!
One is better than none
Voice activated dialing
could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
none, as far as I'm concerned
ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
Not loud enough, doesn't clear numbers after call, no vibrate function
Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
No view finder
Slight picture delay. Memory card xD very small can be easily lost.  Camera is bulky
it uses lots of ink
None so far
It is dead now.
Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
Not for images.
As with all inkjets, cartridge cost
attitude
Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
Slightly more costly
Price, weight, fragile build
Initial use of menu and functions slow with dead batt.
Battery life, difficult navigation, no clock.
Ink cartridges are expensive
to many clicks to get to browse the phone book
Analog, not digital.
small screen, below average camera, default ring tones a bit whimpy.
A little on the noisy side.
No-LCD, so-so image quality, batteries
low speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
Poorly designed interface, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
read all opinions for the cons
Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
HP needs to go to separate color ink wells.
No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
Fold up tray durability questionable
Needs linux drivers.
nothing
Camera is awful, and menus need serious redesigning.