Size, Size, ans Size.
Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
Cheap, good quality, small size
Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
Ease of use, small size and reliability
cheap,good print quality
takes clear shots
Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
Great signal, durable, compact
Compact, easy to navigate menu,
Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
small and lightweight, easy to use
Easy to use feature loaded.
Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
Takes great photos
very clear photos
None to speak of.
Colorful, voice recognition
None!
Style, Features.
whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
Many different functions from one machine
Small
Easy, very portable, has everything I need
Just about Everything!
Great image quality  amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
three wheels
1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
RCA Jack
Voice dialing seems to work great.
Easy to use. Digital picture window.
Small, not too small, voice dialing
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
LCD screen
Great image quality, stylish design, price.
Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
2x optical zoom lens and heaps more
small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
great quality for the money
Small size, easy to use, cool looking
Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos amp;#13; amp;#10;highly recommended.
Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells   whistles like others.
The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
borderless copies and prints
Size, quality, sound
Easy to use
looks good ( thats it !!)
Small screen, short battery life
the cooliest
Print out quality, good value on the inks
See Review Above
it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
Cheap to buy
High Quality pictures, easy to use software
great value, great features, just all around greatness
Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
great quality, no film or developing costs
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
Great text, image  amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
Twin screen, small   very stylish
faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
cost, resolution
quality photos, very easy to use software
compact for small spaces, easy to use,
Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
Quiet, fast, good quality
Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
Lightweight, features, looks
Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
VERY little maintenance
Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
light weight and easy to use
good cost
Features available for the price
Multifunction
Nice color screen
Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life amp;#13; amp;#10;
QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
small  amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
Lens, lens. and lens
Price, weight, LCD
Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
Does a lot
3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
great picture quality and easy to use
Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
convenience and lightweight
Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
No credit checks, No monthly bills, nice Nokia 5165 phone.
QWERTY keyboard, neat design
Very easy to to use
Its a cell phone at least
decent camera phone, user friendly format
Fantastic Photos
Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
decent printing
Ease of use, floppy storage
Lightweight, durable
Speed, Resolution, size of printer
Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
Convenient, easy to use menu
Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
durability, lightweight
Lightweight, very mobile, and fairly simple to use.
small, a lot of features
Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
Great Photos
HP brand
Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
Ultra-compact, 3 megapixels, 3X optical zoom, incredible feature set,  11 MBs of internal memory ,
Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
Excellent zoom and picture quality
keyboard, video, camera
Small size, good image quality
Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
great quality, fast printing
Very easy to set up, good quality
good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
The palm portion works great.
Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
Great Overall Feel And Quality
Compact; great photos.
So small you can put it in your pocket and forget about it!
Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
this
Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
Simple, easy to use
ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes,
Easy To Use, Inexpensive
Print from your digital memory card without using a computer, most memory card formats supported.
Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
Cheap; Fisher/Price-esque colors make it hard to lose
Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
Color screen, ok service.
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Great price; great price!
tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
works half the time
Nice print quality, easy to install
Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
Light-weight, handles rough terrain easily, fits infants and toddlers, stores well.
excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
good interface, durable body, good accu, low price
The cell phone has reception most of the time.
Speaker phone.
Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
Lots of options
Cheap. Physical setup ok.
Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
price
Easy to use; extra long life!
high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
Individual ink tanks,
Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
Good reception, bluetooth.
Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
3.1 megapixels, small size
It has a compact design
Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
Long talk time, cheap price
High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
Cheap, Color Screen
Performs well, has a lot of options
Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
The sound on the phone is great.  I love the speakerphone.
Quiet (really quiet). Separate ink cartridges
none
very clear, easy to use, nice size
Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
Excellent Quality Photos
Everything
It's cheap, does the job for me
quality,speed,price
Big enough you could break your car window with it if you were trapped?
Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
Small and convenient to use
Super high quality high tech camera
Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11 amp;#13; amp;#10;Individual ink tanks amp;#13; amp;#10;Six color system amp;#13; amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops amp;#13; amp;#10;
Cheap for the quality
Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
Great integration between phone   pda
Awesome printing quality, very quiet
Reliable, durable
Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
Great camera, great price, includes everything you need to get started!
Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
Low price
Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
Small, pocketable.
Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
good design and easy navigation
easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
speed, simplicity, quality output
Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
Fast, quiet, and very reliable.
Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
Easy to use, nice size camera.
Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
image quality, macro performance
stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
Inexpensive and easy to use
Compact, works in flip mode.
Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
Excellent AF  amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
Great value, easy to set up
Great price for great quality!
Lightweight, good features
Very cheap, decent quality, flash
This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
Great music
new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
camera phone   it was free,
Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
Need i say more
Lasting Ink Cartridges
This is probably the most bang for your buck when it comes to digital cameras.
size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE  amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
An eye catching camera body
Good call quality, nice features
Solid Construction, Quiet
Ease of use, floppy disk driven
zoom,removable memory card
It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
Good value, good photos, simple to use
compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
Compact and easy to open and close.
Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
Excellent reliability, a workhorse
Flip phone, Small
Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
Standard headset jack.
Inexpensive, decent pictures, very easy to use
price, lots of features
features, interface, battery life
Reasonable price, good features for the money
Quality of print is great
easy to operate
Print quality very good, print speed decent
Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
good quality, copier(color+B amp;W)/scanner/printer
Great phone!
easy use, good outdoor pictures
Price
Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
Incredibly easy to use!
Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color.
Excellent color mode.
Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
great quality printing
Point  amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
very small and lightweight
Cheap camera with LCD
easy to text or send pics to email or phone
- buttons
Easy to use, great pictures, love the floppy.
inexpensive, good scanner, easy to use
LOTS of features, great battery life, battery life meter, articulated LCD, works well in low-light
Excellent phone. Wonderful features
headphone jacks and 3G .
Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
plan on toners lasting 8,000 to 12,000 copies, little or no maintenance
4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
...small
Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
a good door stop
Good print quality, good speed
Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
Great photos, many features
Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
Excellent regular AND zoom quality, great ease of use
Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
Small size, metal casing, weather proof
Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
Small;lots of features; full customizable; unbeatable price
Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
Excellent size and feel. Sound quality and reception have been great.
inexpensive
Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
Direct Connect
Profiles, big address book, reliable
Uncomfortable for Babies
Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
Good quality pictures
Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
Has a digital display screen
High quality printouts (text  amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size   weight
Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
Quality
Great signal strength, great battery life
This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
Light, easy to use, many features
Reliable
Fast printing, price
Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
can print/scan/copy
Easy To Use
This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
works well
Very inexpinsive
Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
easy to operate and affordable
Cheap and Happy
Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
Relatively inexpensive
The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
You can use regular AA batteries to power it.
Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
Image quality, price, video link
Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform.
Good battery life
Speed, Resolution
High quality copies and low maintenance costs
Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
Very Small
Small
Color, text messaging
Cheap, nice software package.
Easy and great pictures almost every shot
Great pictures, Customized settings
Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
fast, tray folds up, clear print
Compact size, custom features
price, software
Great starter camera. Easy to use plus advanced features.
fabulous prints
2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
Cheap, digital, simple to use
SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
Ease of use, size and price
Inexpensive
Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
price, ease of use, lots of useful features
antenna on an angle away from head
Affordable,quiet,durable
Price
Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
camera and infrared work decent. didn't have a chance to test bluetooth
Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
5.2 Mega Pixel
Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
Offers a lot of today's latest technology at the tips of your fingers.
6
Color Screen, Cool Design.
Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
durable, lightweight, and easy to use
color screen,good reception, good battery life, fun rings
pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
easy navigation, seat fully reclines
Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
Lightweight, easy to install
High resolution, low cost
Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
Cheap with great quality
What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
Small size, Zoom
Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
Price, ease of use
It takes high quality pictures.
inexpensive, high quality color and b amp;w print-out; nice little features
It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
Good Features  amp;amp; Price
Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
Combi is the best in its class.
* Coolest Digital Camera Around  amp;#13; amp;#10;* Excellent Picture Quality amp;#13; amp;#10;
Microdrive, Picture Quality
Excellent print quality
Great print quality, HP name.
Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life.
Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
Warranty-2 years
Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
design
It has the black case and quality is good.
Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
Speed and image quality
near photo quality, price, decent speed
low price  amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
Speed, price, resolution quality.
Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
Low cost good quality.
5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
6X optical zoom, great features
Pocket-sized, does the trick in most cases.
Inexpensive, Great black and white output
Large screen, clear reception
-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
Ease, ability to screen pictures
Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
style, many cool features
Reception is GREAT!
Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
High quality images. Durable!
Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
Quality prints, Ink life, fast
Great software, impressive images, cheap
Talk time, standby time, rugged
nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
Compact,easy to use,cheap
2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
Convenient true photo quality at an affordable price
Still looking
Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
Lightweight, Attractive
Small size, build quality and too many other things to list.
One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
Ease of use
LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
3.5 inch floppy
fast, quiet, lightweight and more
Cheap and easy to use.
Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
Small and Looks cool
Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
many features, good finished product
fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
Cute and affordable
good quality printing
nice design, light weight, fun to use, affordable  amp; super small
Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
price, ease of use
Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
Size, Features, Optical Zoom
3 wheels are better than 4
Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
Quick, brilliant color printing, price, practical, simple to operate
This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
Great Options
Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
handy floppy disk
Sleek   sexy aesthetics, large screen
Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
Attractive Combo Deal, Excellent Print Quality, Very Compatible w/ Windows 2000
fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
All in one.
Excellent design, great looks, excellent functionality, speed, quality, excellent copy function.
Has many good features
Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
good quality for a good price
Great features at an entry level price
Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
Excellent Quality, Easy to use
Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
Great coverage, very light, lots of features
Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
disk size, ease of use, longevity
Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
Great color and picture quality. extensive features. Sprint quality service. Camera. Internet. etc! Love it!
Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
Beautiful screen.
Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact   lightweight.
Easy, Fun, Great Pics
Easy to open and close
Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Great connection.
Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
NONE
Kodak name
Fast voice recognition dialing
Fairly Cheap, Can be Economical if you know what cartridges to buy, Has many features
Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
Great little phone, stylish and functional
Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
Great quality, easy to use.
Great photos, fast, free with rebate
Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
range, small, durability, features, and attachments
Price, print quality, speed
Extremely easy set up process
compact size, durable
11 Games! 47 Tunes! Broadcast(CNN and stocks) Record voice memos
Small and easy to use
Price
Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
Functions well
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
Small, Easy To Use.
Sony top-notch build quality, all the nice features, simple menus, reliable
Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
3.5 amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
Great features, good print quality, easy to use
Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
Small, easy to use
Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image  amp;amp; color
outstanding output, quick, quiet
low initial price
Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
Cheap, great pictures for price, Very fast,
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
Extremely easy to use.
Reception, battery life
Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
Sprint Service, plays music
small, lightweight, cool
all
Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
Good quality printer
Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies.
The quality of the print is not bad.
light,portable,quality prints,easy to operate
Light weight, affordable, quality built
Extremely high detail, very fast.
Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Sharp resolution
superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
easy setup, voice controls
Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
excellent quality, price, easy of use
Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
cheap, good print quality, easy setup, also it works with windows xp
Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
quite small and thin
High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
For its price it prints okay
Dependable, clear, moderately fast
Fast text printing. Good quality image printing.
It takes about 20 quality pictures
Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.) #13; #10;
Excellent design, Clever phone book
good for rough drafts only
Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
Good styling #13; #10;changeable faceplates #13; #10;AWESOME battery life #13; #10;keyguard
It is Sexy and sleek and out runs the Razr by a mile!
Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
Flash, compact, cute, nice pictures
Size   weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
Good Printer when it works poor service
Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
cheap, good print quality
Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
Not too expensive
4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
Features, looks, I really love the phone.
Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
White light background.  Small, light,
Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
Easy to use, great picture quality
Affordable
True photo quality, quiet operation
Large phonebook memory, lots of message space
Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
It looks good (yahoo...)
Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
Nice quality output, quiet, quick
It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
High Quality
see review
Great colorful display, great ringers, Small and Lightweight, wonderfull features.
Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
EVERYTHING
Great 4 GB IPOD, Good printable CAMERA, Good Video PLAYER, and a phone too
Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
fast
340 mb microdrive for extra storage
Outstanding images and graphics on photo papers. Low first cost price tag.
small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
Reasonably priced.
Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use
Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
Both camera and software easy to use. Great picture quality if outdoors.
HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
Awesome Pictures, Web ready and allot cheaper then a regular Camera
Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
affordable, dependable
Lightweight  amp; easy to hold.
never jams, ease of changing ink
Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
zoom/number of pictures/quality
nice phone, fun toy
solar powered display, 3X zoom
Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
ok at snapshots
Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
Faster than our old one
Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
Cute, stylish, not that expensive
good menu, nice display, attractive
MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
Easy to use, 3.5 amp;quot; disk solution
size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
great sound quality, excellent features, stylish looks, small and compact, durable
Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
great color copies/easy to use/very dependable
Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
Great Image Quality.
Battery life, signal reception, PCS messaging, address book, voice recognition
Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
PRICE$$$
good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
Great color; crisp prints
Attractive, small, lightweight
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Great pics, user-friendly
great photo output, professional brochures, individual ink cartridges, tells you when a cartridge runs out
Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
Lens, construction
quality text, cheap
Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
Versatility, picture quality, convenience
Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
Print quality, Speed, Price
Simple, easy to use
FAST, great graphics, USB support
good quality, easy to use
Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
Price and ease of use.
sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
Easy to use, not very sophisticated
Small   durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
fast, easy setup
Cheap
Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
It is small
Nice color screen, E911
-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
ease in transfer to laptop
Fantastic Features
Great price, high quality
Great pictures, easy storage
small size, easy to use for a amatuer
Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
A cornucopia of fantastic features.
Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Good battery life. Call clarity is excellent.  Easy to use
Highly portable, runs on 2 AAA batteries, good for kitschy snapshots or mini-movies.
Size, Reception, Speakerphone, Battery life
Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
Good price, fast and crisp output
Cheap
Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
Small.
Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
Great Photo Prints
Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera
Image Quality, Good Zoom, Good Battery
Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
Great Price, Great Software
Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
Free
same as fd81, easy of use
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing  amp; emailing.
Excellent pictures, easy to use
Inkwells refill easily.
Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
affordable, versatile, quick with text
FAST, sharp text, Great color
fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
Features vs price
Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
Clean and clear pics w/ good options
Name  amp; quality are great as always with HP.
Good price, easy to use
Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
Price and simplicity
Honestly none!
size, sound quality, weight.
compact design and advanced features
Great looks, great package, lots of things to play with...and it takes great pictures.
Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
lots
Cheap
fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
Price, USB, Size of Camera
Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
Easy to use, Reliable
4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
In-camera battery recharge, picture quality at 1600x1200, USB  amp;amp; Serial, ease of use.
quality, capacity, versatability
Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
Colour screen, great downloadable games available, downloadable graphics
great deal for money
Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
Not too many.
Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
Excellent Print Quality, LCD Viewing Screen, No PC Required.
High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
the navy color of the frame
Easy to use software and camera, came with everything needed to get started right away.
Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
best digital camera out there for under $1000
Quick output and excellent quality
Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
Excellent print quality, particularly on special photo paper. Relatively small footprint, memory card support.
lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
Great features, lightweight
Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
Small size, cuteness factor
Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
size, ease of use
cheap
Great  pictures!
Efficient machine with all the features you can want
no paper jam, durable, cheap, photo quality
Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
nice the first 3-4 months
Good quality print images
Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
really small and sexy
Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality.
Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
Small, lightweight
the best camera for the price.  Flip phone, sleek, sturdy, highly customizable, bluetooth, world GSM.
Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
good picture quality, low price
Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
Tiny, great optics
small, light, built in speaker phone
Convenience, file size, battery life.
Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
I simply love this phone
The Size gave the neatness of a camera
Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
amazing features, tough and durable
Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
Simplicity, Resolution, Color
Large screen, clear reception
Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
Extremely practical, yet very cool!
Price
Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
sleek design
lightweight
Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
Good battery life
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
Easy to use
Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
Very simple controls and a wide range of features
Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
Excellent quality and quantity for the price range.
Good Speed, High Quality Images
Great design! User friendly picture taking.
GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
Reasonably priced, high quality pictures, easy to use, rugged
Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Qwerty keyboard.
Tons of great features!
A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
Lightweight, Easy to fold, stylish
Good Screen, nice features, great software
Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
Looks, Size, Quality
size, battery life, features, extra lcd, coverage
All you need in one box.
It is easy to grip.
Great pictures, easy to use
Very colorful displays
Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality
best phone ive ever had
Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
Voice activated dialing, Small size.
A very nice camera, worth the money!
small, easy to use
Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
water repellent canopy
Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
great quality for the price
Fast, Good Black Quality
Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
battery life and call quality.
The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
Free with service plan.  Small. Good clarity,
Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
Reliability, low cost
Very light
Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
It was free
Small in size, great picture taking ability
Nice Feature, light
Great size, easy to use
Small size, good battery life, big memory, packed with features
Ease of use, IR capability
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
Beautiful, fast, quiet prints, Card Media
great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
Great battery life, the best signal strength, Very durable if dropped.
Dependable hardware, excellent print quality
small size, easy to use, great menus and features
Outstanding features and photos
good car seat, infant carrier
Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
Good signal strength, voice activation, small size.
Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
Sleek and ergonomic design
good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
Small phone, good battery life.
Good print quality,
Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options,
Inexpensive and quiet
Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
price and quality of pictures
Bluetooth
Small design, blue indiglo screen
nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
Feature Rich, compact size
Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
Small and does it all for less $$
Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
Compact, good clarity, easy to use.
very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
Feature variety, battery, durability, price.
Compact, Price and Options
Cheap, Easy to Use
Great Printer, Great Print Quality
Easy to steer  amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby  amp; us.
light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
Low cost, easy to use
Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
$7.99/month to keep it activated!
Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Everything!
Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes
Very easy  amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality
excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
Everything about it
the sound
Very Compact, Flip Design protects face  keys. Price is right.
Easy to use
Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
Great Camera, HQ Images, Good Battery Life and excellent Charger option.  Overall good Camera!
Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
color screen
Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
This camera takes good pictures in the fine mood.  Easy to use and download.
None
Affordable, Reliable
most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids  amp; beginners
convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
pocket sized, reliable, big screen
Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
Stylish. Nice display screen. Good applications
Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
Lots of AOL discs floating around
Solid, good reception
picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
beautiful photos couldn't expect more
Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
Very easy to use!
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
camera, reception, size, memory card
Wonderfully detailed pictures
Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
Easy to use
Small, lightweight, many features
ease of use, daylight photo quality
The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
Several great features, good sound, good signal
Small, Stylish and easy to use
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
Battery Life #13; #10;Small Size #13; #10;Large Display #13; #10;4 Digit Call
Photo viewing, floppy disks, light weight
Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Great pictures!
Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
It's a cheap way to have digital fun
easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
Low Price, good Quality
Great reception, very stylish, long battery life.
4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
Cute, stylish, very good reception, feature rich
Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
Relatively inexpensive
small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
Inexpensive
Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
Stylish, easy operation  amp; transmission to computer.
Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up  amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
1) Good pictures, easy to use and pretty good feature set.
Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
Ease of use, many functions
8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, ,
Great Camera, excellent pictures
Good construction (physically). Decent features, reception.
6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
Picture quality, XD Memory Card Technology, size, weight, battery life
easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a  amp;quot;leash amp;quot;
Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
fairly small in size
Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
Small, light, durable
Fax is nice and clean
Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
So easy to use, you almost forget its digital!
picture quality, price, ease of use
SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
Price, Features, battery life
Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
Clear printing, Hassle free use
Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
Very small and light weight.
Stylish
Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
Great battery life, good speaker phone
Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
"Chirp" (walkie-takie) capability. Color screen. wav audio
Fast
Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
very compact and mobile
The price
Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
NONE
Compact and metallic body.
The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
excellent image quality, large media handling, built in ethernet
Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
Reliable, Good quality
Inexpensive, Easy to use
Beautiful screen.
Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
light weight, durable, small.
FREE with Cingular. Tiny. Light. Keypad cover. Encrypted. Calling card. 10 voice labels.  #13; #10;
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Neat camera and video.
Cheap
Value for money, compact
Inexpensive (under $100), LCD display, 8 mb storage, multiple picture quality, and more
Tri-mode, normal rings
Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
Bluetooth.  Style.
Very good looking and great performing phone.
fast, and east.  Makes less waste
memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
Price  amp;amp; ease of use
Size, Dependability
no hassle, just works well
EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility,
Many handy features
Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive.
Lightweight, simple to use
The best on the market
Easy to use and maintain.
Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
*Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
ease of use, great features, low cost
Great keyboard
Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
Great Quality Photo's, Ease of Use, Floppy Disk Feature
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
Quiet operation, ease of use, you get more than what you pay for
Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
price
Ease of use.
Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
Cheap, easy picture transfer
Inexpensive, upgradable
Small   light, reception   sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
Inexpensive~~easy to use
Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
Nice, quiet printing
good value, easy to use
Excellent Print Quality, Fast  amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
Small in size, reliable and durable
Price
optical zoom, nice size
Cheap, decent quality
Small,Slim,Light,Cute
Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
Very easy for beginners to use.
Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
Came with good 3rd party software; worked beautifully at first.
Cheap
great price for such great features.
high picture quality, inexpensive
elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
It is a good quality printer
Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
Easy to open and close
Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
easy installation, prints FAST, excellent B amp;W and color quality
If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
Storage, printing quality
Sleek and good price
small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
Great shots, tons of options
Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
It is made for video conferencing and still photography with quality  pictures.
Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
instant pictures, disc acceptance
Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
easy to use, software easy to install
Great Features
Sound quality; Long battery life
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
Small, sleek
Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
Size, size, size! Performance.
cheap, good if you don't care about quality
Reliable. Clear reception. Voice dial. Speakerphone. Looks good. Autocomplete for finding address book entries.
Great picture quality, easy to use.
small, good pics
Sharp, crisp, pictures.
Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
Features sounded good in store
Lightweight, durable
Easy, Easy, Easy
light, great maneuvering, cleans
Excellent photo printing
Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
Inexpensive, good print quality
fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
amazing print quality, beautiful prints
user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
compact, light-weight, and easy to use
Clear Picture, Scans, Copys, and Prints. Fair Price.
excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
Offers convenience if you have older children
Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
very cheap, light, small
Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
Attractive look, small, external screen
good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
battery life, size/weight
Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
cute design, many free additions
Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
Simple phone to use.
Great reception for a regular user.
Superior pictures
It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
customer service
Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
Every feature a power user may want.
Great sound quality, battery life
High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
Cheap, awesome printer in general
Excellent quality, quiet printer.
Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
Very bad camera
Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
picture quality, compactness, easy to use
Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
Easy to steer, easy to fold  amp; unfold lots of storage.
Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
Small and portable
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
inexpensive,easy to use
IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
Reasonable price for a color inkjet
Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
Very compact, quiet, decent quality for inexpensive price, and easy to use.
speed,ease of use,color clarity
easy cheap quick and a lot of fun
TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
small, compact, durable, stylish
I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
Very fast, Great performance
tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
Inexpensive ink, refill cartridges readily available.
Great reception; great design; easy menu
cheap, fast, reliable, laser
Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
Best 270 dollar digital camera amp;#13; amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal
Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
Priced right   good service   nice print
Very stylish, great features   is the ideal fashion accessory!
great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
light weight, good construction
ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
Fast and easy
Nice design, radio function
Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
The fax feature, and scanning feature
NONE
Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
ease of use, easily installed,
Too few to mention
Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
Great Pictures - Terrific Price
Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
It was free after the rebate
Price, good quality prints
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
great memory
Excellent print quality, good price
easy to use, smooth ride
Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
to me, none.
Simple, Flexable, Reliable
mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
Lightweight, ease of use
very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
small size, good software included for free with the unit
quality of print, speed
price, prints, features
Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
Great phone, Excellent Reception
Great digital pictures. Easy to upload to PC
Looks good
speed, print and copy quality
cheap, easy to use
Easy to use - very logical buttons
Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
For its price it prints okay
Excellent Photos!
quick, clear and cost efficient!
Good photo quality
handy, practical, the games are neat.
good price, good quality, good color
Easy to use, takes good pictures
Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
great price, ease of use,great results
Good camera....
TV-out, great image quality, good software
Great Product, small   compact, EXCELLENT voice quality   range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
Everything
Great color
Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
speed quiet color
GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES   MORE FEATURES
Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
-Bluetooth headset included
Looks, Camera
High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
Great phone with superior battery life
weight, compact, easy to use, features, reception
very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile
Fast, Quality, Price
Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
Small, Colorful, Works Great
COLOR Copy  amp;amp; Scan  amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
Not many....
Two features in one. GSM network.
Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.
USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
Great zoom, great features
Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
Easy to use and sturdy.
See your pictures NOW!!
Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
Features,lighting,durability,easy to use
Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
Easy to use, image quality
Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card.
Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
supports scripts, picture quality
Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
great for the one not on the go and the one that is. amp;#13; amp;#10;
the look of it, the weight
light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
Very good scanner, printer and card reader
You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
small size, easy to upload photos
Easy to use, affordable.
Light, convenient, great zoom
Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
Compact, easy to use
screen, features?
Great little camera with a good user interface.
Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
small, light weight, all around good phone.
Decent price replacement ink carts
Very versatile, light weight
supposedly a very good printer
great features, small size
Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize.
floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
Bluetooth, speakerphone
Awesome picture taking, Easy use
High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
Easy to use, highest quality printing. Excellent machine.
Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
easy to use, great pictures
Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
Long battery life, bluetooth headset, lots of features.
Fast and very good quality
- Easy menus
Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
Very good Phone
small size
Takes Great Photos
Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
Good Quality Prints
voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
Light weight, inexpensive, built in calendar and stopwatch
looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
Loads and distributes Quickly
Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
Size and display
Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
Light, Easy to use, good sound quality
easy to use, web, color, durable,
It can be abused, ergonomic shape.
Loaded with features, nice and durable phone for low price.
easy use and light weight,great picture quality
PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
Easy to use
Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
Print Quality, Ease of setup, Reliable
Writes directly to a CD
Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
Works well for 9-12 weeks;
Small and very light.
Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
Great Quality Pictures amp;#13; amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
Prints on virtually any media, great quality prints.
good quality pictures, easy to use
Price
Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
4 functions,
This is the coolest looking phone!
Easy to use.
Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
Color of my images is so vibrant
Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
very discrete, durable, cheap
Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
Great camera with great pictures.
Great for web photos
plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
Fits in dustbin easily
Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Extremely durable, intuitive, compact, reliable.
Great size, solidly built, light.
Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
Cost, replacement ink costs
picture
can choose which pictures to keep
Good Reception.
It looks nice
Speaker-phone, easy to use
Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD, amp;#13; amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
small, light, and always with you
Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
great camera for the  3.1 PIXEL
IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
lt;b gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS lt;/b gt;
various features, front LCD display, new technology
reliable and rugged
Good looking
Small size, no antenna, good features
Many features
Price, ease of use(camera), number of stored images,no developing cost or wait time, great for beginners, and everything you need to get started is included.
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
Sleek, Small, Ease of use
excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
Great phone - Don't use Verizon
Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100
Quick, clear printing with easy set-up.
Fast, high quality, attractive photo output, driver stability, inexpensive ink replacement
Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
vibrant screen, picture quality is awesome, cheap phone
Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
average speed lower price
easy acess to important work getting done
ease to use, quality of images
Easy to carry around
beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
Print quality, software, speed
A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
easy to use
Easy to use and extremely affordable.
Inexpensive, USB connection, amp;#13; amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
inexpensive, great support
Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
Cheap purchase price
great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
excellent pictures even in low light, fast
light, smooth ride
easy of use, sturdy, convenient
Small, key guard, cute colors
Good quality at a good price!
Excellent starter camera.
Small, Light, and Easy To Use
Color quality
None
Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
Great Reception, small and sleek
easy to steer, roomy seats
Great photo quality
A decent phone with some unique features!
versatility; durability
Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
All of the Above
Feature set, customizable menus, etc
Cheap, Great photos when works
High dpi (1200x1200)
good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
Overall Nice phone
Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
great pics, solid weatherproof construction
Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
everything
- Weather proof casing  amp;#13; amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution  amp;#13; amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
Good price, affordable, quality prints
Quick, sharp.
good clear pictures, text and price
Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
Great Picture Quality
-cute phone
small, customizable
Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
Excellent Print Quality.
price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
small, easy of use, good reception, no external antenna to break
Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
individual ink tanks, great print quality, decent speed
Very portable. Stylish, too!
Great images, easy to use, many features.
Small footprint, HP name.
Size, Voice Recognition feature, styling
Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
12 Pages/Min (B amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
none
Easy Operation
No wires.  Welcome to the future.
A mother's savior!
Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
bright screen, nice features
Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options amp;#13; amp;#10;
speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
Great camera for the price!
High quality, ease of use, compact easy to carry, accessories readily available.
GREAT PRINT QUALITY
Price, quality, basically everything
Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
Price, ease of use
Neat camera and video.
Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
Sleek, light, vibration etc.
Small but not too small, Very user friendly, Battery doesn't run out, Great colors
great
WONDERFUL photo quality
Easy to use and install, excellent price
mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
It was free, it feels durable and has decent features.
Quality of text, Size
Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
Size, Size,  amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
pretty cheap, small, well labeled
none
Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
It's a good printer and fax, when it works
Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
everything
Nice concept, but rarely works
good features, great pics
Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
Inexpensive, practical, easy to use
Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
Affordable, fun, and easy
nice feature set, swivel view finder
Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
Solid, dependable, well documented.
Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
good size, easy to use
Bad battery life and freezes up.
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
none
Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
Easy to use, Good pictures.
Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Fast, quiet and good photo quality
Quality, reliability
Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
Perfect for "growing" families
Excellent picture quality.
Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
Quiet, great photo printing
prints well, quickly
Has good print quality and speed
Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
Quality, speed and price
voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
Small footprint, easy set up.
small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
Reasonable cost
4 separate ink cartridges means value
Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
color quality
Small, good screen
Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
Cost
PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
low price, durable quality
easy to use, great software, small
None
SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
was good at first
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Trust in the name and price
Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
Everything
Small size, picture size for the money
It's not poisonous
1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
simple, quick!
Small phone, great features, good reception
Amazing picture quality, easy to use
easy to use-great pics
3.1 MP/3x Optical Zoom and Affordable
No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
USB Setup - a bear!
great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
Size, Images
Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
Good quality printing, easy to use
Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
Good picture quality
The 7160 has fewer dropped calls when vs. 6160 or 6161.
Digital camera coupled with polaroid prints
Excellent Print Quality!
BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
Low cost color printer
take out disk, simple, special effects
Pros: Not too heavy; reasonably fast focus, little lag time between triggering and image capture specially with preview screen off
A plethora of options
Great print quality, dependable
Good looks, Nice features, Great value
3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.
Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
Easy to use and versatile.
VERY fast black and white printing
Size, Features, GOBS of options
Fairly easy set up and to use.
Features, fairly compact, inernational.
Good printing quality. Low cost.
Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
Incredible detail and color saturation
Remarkably High Quality for the Price
Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
Beautiful output
quality of documents are very impressive
Great Price,Print,Speed
Affordable - Easy to use  #13; #10; #13; #10;
Many features.
Great colors
EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
Durable, reliable, great reception
It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
Floppy transfer is so easy
Print Quality is Awesome!
Techie features
This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
Great image  amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
Quiet, speed, quality work
Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
no monthly payment
Easy to operate, 3.5 amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
Outstanding image quality, excellent battery life, easy to use, stylish  amp; compact design
Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound. #13; #10; #13; #10;
durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
easy to set up and use
inexpensive
Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
Quality of prints, ease of use
So easy to use, friendly controls, light weight, great photo quality  amp; movies!
Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
Very nice print quality, compact design
Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
affordable,
Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
Photo printing
Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
Easy to use
6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
Small, Nice looking, Internal Antenna, Nice blue backlit screen
Light, sleek, Value for money.
Quality... Speed...
It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
print  amp; scan quality, great color copies, compact size, modest price
fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
small, light, compact, good print quality
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
can't say without installing
Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
Quality, Battery Lifetime
Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
Nice rubberized case.
Small, Lightweight, Common, Good Speaker Quality, Nice Browser
Very good Picture Quality  amp; Fun to Use!
Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
Light-weight, advanced features
compact size, somewhat easy to use
Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
compact, not too small, affordable, durable
Digital, affordable, small, reliable
Durable, Long Lasting!
changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
compact, durable, easy to use.
takes wonderful pictures
inexpensive
Price; Speed; Quality
Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
Nice photos
Great Quality, color, detail
Quality, ease of usage, color screen, battery life and clarity.
Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
Durability, size, style and screen.
Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
Size, Picture Quality
great quality print and speed for it's size
zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
Everything
Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
Very economical, clearly printed pages
excellent print quality
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
Easy to use; light weight; battery life; easy to read display
Very good quality, very cheap price.
clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
Creative phone covers.
high performance, low cost
image quality is good
Easy menu navagation
Great quality and price
Easy to use, makes good photographs.
QWERTY keyboard, Easy instant and text messaging, good speakers,and good camera
Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
Compact Size and Weight, Easy To Use, User Friendly Software
high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
small, easy to use, great quality
Easy to use, expansive options
Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
Easy to use and install cartridges.
Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome! amp;#3;
Wonderful resolution
User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
Solid, Nice looking output, USB
IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
Features, video out, software, price.
Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
Quality, options
Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
compact, easy to use, great quality pics, it comes with rechargeable batteries and the charger
Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
color screen, reliability
Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera   flash
Easy to use.
small, lightweight, durable,
everything
Ease of use
Great TIFF's,Hot Shoe,Optical Zoom,2.3M-pixels
it's a phone  amp; it works, audio dialing
Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
features, zoom, resolution
Size. That's about it.
Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
multi-functional
Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
Perfect size   design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
compact, all-in-one, easy to use
Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
Quality of image, packed with features
Great Macro, Nice loaded features
Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
Beautiful colors, good macro.
Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value.
great,clear reception
Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
Easy set-up and quick printing.
THE most unique and stylish mobile phone on the market; small and lightweight.
Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
Very easy to use,Great quality pictures amp;#13; amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
Great design
6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality
Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
good color, durable , easy to use
Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
Quality, size, weight
Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
easy to use
Speakerphone. Tons of features.
It shoots pictures
Great image quality
Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
Very durable, great add-ons
Convenience and Durability
cheap
Light weight and has all the features I need.
$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
Quick high quality output
Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
lightweight
Sound Quality Ease of Use Camera Quality
Slim, great features and great camera and display, flawless speakerphone and bluetooth.
Weight, Size
ease of use, versatility
Excellent quality, works right out of the box.
variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
Excellent paper handling, superior print quality
Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
Lightweight,stylish  amp; lots conveniences
Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
Excellent macro detail, incredible flexibility, up to 1GB memory available
excellent quality, quick and quiet
Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
cheaper than buying film
Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
Everything!
Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
Easy to use, has many features I need
Great Phone
low price, quality
Nice colors, easy to use software
easy to configure
Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
Excellent phone with tons of features.
Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
Modern featurs, sleek look
Lots of great features, Good photo quality
Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
Hello Hewlett Packard
Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
lightweight, inexpensive
smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
Great graphics
Great printing speeds both B amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
Great overall camera
Easy to use; Compact   Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
good quality, compact, easy to use, features
Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
Can take memorable pictures
Includes a lot of features
Price, Quaility, software, and ease of use
Great price, a lot of features, easy to use.
speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
Cheap, small footprint
Sorry, can't think of any.
Inexpensive, GREAT battery life, some of its pictures are OK for web use if doctored up, includes both serial and USB cables.
Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
Very easy to use, small and light weight. Great software
Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
easy to use, great camera for price
Excellent Zoom, sharp photos even at high digital zoom settings, EXIF info on all photos
Compact, clear sound, easy to use
Price amp;#13; amp;#10;Size amp;#13; amp;#10;Look
ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
features, features, features, great support,software
NONE WHATSOEVER
Small, light, Hands-Free Car Kit a HUGE plus, good reception.
Cheap, Great Quality, USB
Reliable, light, long battery time
Everything
Price, ease of use, size.
Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
Screen and font size, and features.
does print
picture quality,price
small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
Good menus, price, solid reception
Feature rich
Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
Agreat lightweight phone
Sony quality, unlimited storage, great pictures
Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
Free with some plans
professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
Durablity
Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
Easy use
Small, Durable, Classy
Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
Speed Dial is useful feature.
It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
Small, bright screen, looks cool and professional, lots of memory to sync with MS Outlook
Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
nice jog dial
Very easy to use
Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
indiglo back lighting
Ergonomics, design, size
Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
great price and decent pictures
Size, features, value, quality.
6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
Low operating costs; low equipment cost
Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions  amp;amp; easy set-up
quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
Great printer
Great camera
Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
compact, amazing quality, cheap
Price, ease of use
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
Easy to use.
Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
sleek, great options, buttons, and big display.
Speed, res, size, quality
easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
Price, Print Quality
Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
Very light
Has many features, it's lightweight and doesn't require much storage room.
Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
Small for a 3.3Mpel camera amp;#13; amp;#10;
vivid color pictures, sharp text
Easy to use, reliable
Can't think of one
VERY VERY FAST!!! Photo quality
Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
very durable
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good)  amp;#13; amp;#10;
Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
easy to operate
LCD screen
Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
Great quality printing
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
Small size, aesthetic qualities
Excellent camera
Looks good, very convenient.
Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
Easy to use
Nice Styling and features
Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery
Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
smooth ride, easy to open/close
using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
Great photos
compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
Rated highly by many reviewers
Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
price, print quality, ease of use
great quality
very easy to take great pictures
The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
size, easy to use
Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
b amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
Fast, high quality, reliable
Great Image Quality
Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
Electronics are very good.
Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
Quality radio, radical design, color screen, comfortable hold.
inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
Lots of functions, Good picture quality. Small and light
crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
Lightness, thinness, good reception
Best camera on the market especially at that price
It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
Overall good text and picture output.
Nice design, abundance of options, games included
Affordable, clear pictures.
stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel  amp;#13; amp;#10;Cheap storage
Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
Cheap, easy to use.
small and lightweight
great size
Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
Copact, price, ease of use
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFIE OR HOME
Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
People think you're a "big shot" with this luxury baby item.
All the features of a $100 cell phone for just $25
Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
Small and easy to handle
looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
Takes 100 pictures
Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
energy saver hibernation; price
It has great tunes, games....
Great zoom, good feature set
Cheap.
Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
lightweight practical
User friendly, easy tutorials
Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
fast printing, high quality output, very easy to set up
Great price, good quality print in text and photo using gloss photo paper.
Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
compact!
Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
None
It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
Good price, decent quality, optical zoom
Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
Still a good idea!
Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
Versatile
cheap, good quality, easy to use
Very Comfortable to use
Awesome quality, great optics, good value
no
Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode.
good quility
Feature packed printer for the price.
great photos, easy to use
Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
Great color
Blue Indiglo Face, loud ringing tones, small
Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
You don't need the software to use this printer
High Quality, inexpensive
Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
Very fast, versatility, quality print
world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
Good for letting sleeping babies lie
Very reliable!!!
Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
Cheap Cartridges
good price
Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
Good price, good pictures, easy to use
Loves it
Great price, works great with webtv
Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
Great photos! Quiet and fairly fast. Much cheaper than sending out for developing!
Size, battery life, ease of use.
Has almost every feature you could dream of.
2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
Battery doesn't drain instantly
Great Camera
Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
ease of use, clear photographs
Top notch printing quality in little time!
easy to use, low weight, small size
good color and very fast
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Just the right size, cheap(er)
Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
When the printer prints - it's great.
Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
Easy to use
stylish, customize it, fits-anywhere size
Inexpensive, good quality
Good if you want to give your kids a camera
3x optical zoom, video output jack, price, lens options, EV control.
good print quality
Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
easy to use, great output
Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
Durable and decent looking
USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
Good image quality, very inexpensive.
Cheap!
Has nice print-outs when it works
This is a high-quality camera and is recommended by experts
Space saver, high quality printing
super low price, light weight,
cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
Outstanding pictures/text
Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
Stylish, accomodates both experts and novices, great value
Inexpensive
Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
Magnificent image quality, great lens, zoom range, battery life, low light performance.
GPRS;WAP;iTAP;500#phonebook PIM;Battery #13; #10;Exceptional voice and very easy menu
Sharp Detailed Photos
Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT Twireless.com
Best reception of any vision phone
Neat camera and video.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
Bluetooth, good phone performance.
Very cool looking., Good picture quality
Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
Lots of helpful features. Super reception   easy to use.
Ease of use, price,
Sony's battery
Fairly small, lots of features.
Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
Affordable
Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
VERY CLEAR SHOTS
maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
CHEAP
Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
Cost
Great battery life
Durable, lightweight, easy to use
Size, weight, large display, stylish
fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
Floppy disk
professional options
Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
Great pictures
Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
Small, inexpensive, easy
Rich color display.
Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body  amp; Easy Controls
clear photos
Easy Function Modes
Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
Low cost, easy to use, good software
Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
Absolutely NONE for me!!!
picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
Good battery life, good connection.
Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
Small size, prints good copies
Sturdy and Full-featured
Simple, easy to use, convenient
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
wireless web capable, download ringtones   graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
Great pictures
Photo Quality.
Easy to use!!!!!!!!
fast enough, good color, cheap
Speakerphone
Good software, lasts along time
Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
quick and good color
Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
Great resolution,feel of a 35mm, zoom shows thru viewfinder to compose
Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
Size, image quality, features, convenience
Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
Small, lots of features, good pictures
Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
Looks great and sounds great.
2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
SIZE! Speed, ease of use
its small
Integrated palm pilot
Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
Small, lightweight, cool-looking, joystick, fits nicely in pocket
good pictures. easy to use
photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
everything but design and lack of games
SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
quality color photos, fast, quiet
Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
color quality
The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering ,
slim design, durability, call clarity
Inexpensive solution
Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
PC and Mac Friendly
Small, solid, great quality photos.
PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Good reception, sound quality
Easy, and the diskette is great
Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
Great resolution, simple to use
Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
Great sound quality, awesome features
Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
Small, nice features
Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
zoom
Excellent clarity, great extra features
Solid, easy to use phone with speakerphone feature.
Good Photo Output
Very Nice Pic's
Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
Numerous features, excellent manual
Lightweight and inexpensive
Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
small
light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
Almost everything - especially style, size/weight  amp; features
customizable, durable
inexpensive, good quality
Pretty Basic Model - for novice
It does so much
Small, Small, Small
Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS   predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
Cheap
Versatility, Price, and Convenience
the communication works
Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
Inexpensive and reliable.
Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
Beautiful screen.
Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
small, easy to use
The best digital camera ever
Movie mode; sepia  amp; B amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
Small size, excellent clarity
cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
Good, made by Lexmark....
Price, Ease of Use, LCD Monitor
Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
very good pictures very good price easy to use
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
Fine reception with weak signals and surprising durability!
Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
Inexpensive
Nice, easy to use
Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
Great portable, easy to use
Beautiful outside, beautiful inside, awesome user interface, good pictures, good features
High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
Fast, crisp and clear printing
Amazing resolution
compact size, impressive battery life, excellent zoom lens
Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
Great picture quality; simple to use
Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
Looks good
small, batt. life., gizmos......
Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
Easy to use and clear pictures
It makes calls.
Small, nice quality
Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
Great Value for the Price
Great quality printing, you can trust HP
Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
Small, light, good features.
Excellent pictures, easy-to-use interface, fast USB download
Sleek, fast and great photo prints
inexpensive
Cheap OK performance
Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
2 important modes- manual  amp; automatic
Nice feel; Web browser built in
Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
Great value in its price range!
Smooth ride
low cost, easy to use
great pictures; ease of use
Rotating  amp;quot;eye amp;quot;, Lightweight
Luxurious, sturdy, safe
Easy to use, small, good features
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
lightweight, built-in vibrating alert, reminders, front   back color covers, downloadable ring tones
Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
No waiting to get prints processed
good price, easy to use
affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
great product
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2
Everything!!!!!
Design, digital reception, size and weight
4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images.
Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
economical, clear, large display face
Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
Cheap
Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
easy to use,custom settings,compact size
Easy to use, cheap, decent display
Very Good for home office use.
light weight, small, web ready
uhhh the aligator display is cute?
features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
Space saving paper tray, Cost
Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
photo quality
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
Great Pictures
lots of bells and whistles.
Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
Quality prints and fast printing
Easy to use feature loaded.
The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
Some nice feature
simple and cheap
Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
Easy to use, low price,outdoor photos good, action sequence shots, B amp;W photos
Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
Wonderful and economic choice
price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
features and more features, durability
Compact size/weight
Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
time   caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
All in one unit.
never drops calls, great reception
Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
Price
Excellent value   only weighs 6 ozs.
Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
Quality, Price, Compatibility
2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
Small, light, easy to use
Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
Large Screen, Reception, Software
beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
Great picture quality
Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
Compact size and very good video for a still camera
Price, Quality, User friendly,light weight, great results.
Bright colors, cheap price, fast, easy to setup.
Very good in quality.
Features, battery time, clear reception
Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
Light, long battery life
Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
Looks good!!!
Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
Hey, I got a great price on it
work horse
Easy assembly, great ride,  amp; affordable.
Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
LIGHT WEIGHT
Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
Compact
Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
great photos, easy to use, stylish look, established brand name
Great reception and receives all calls
Pocket sized, 4.1 Mega pixel, smartmedia 128M gives LOTS of pictures
Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
size, "cool" factor, lcd
Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
Very Good at close up Photography.
Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
Great features, easy to navagate, many options
Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
ease of use
Small size and great features.
Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
Price. EVERYTHING is included.
Several features
small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
Video,zoom,resolution,price,memory usage
easy to use
THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant  amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
good battery.  built like a tank.
1 minute digital videos with sound amp;#13; amp;#10;Compact and durable amp;#13; amp;#10;
Practical controls, Excellent output.
Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
Great interface, lots of useful features
Excellent Printer! Reasonable Price
Good price, fair print quality, compact
Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
Speed, price
Nice multimedia/graphics   good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
Does virtually everything. Takes SD and MMC expansion memory cards.
Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
I think this is a best buy at about $200.
Large screen size, web enabled
Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
picture quality, ease of use
Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
It's an Olympus.
high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
used to work
Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
good zoom, easy to use
Very useful product
easy to use, good quality, good price
The Motorola V60t is compact and sleek.
good price, great quality of copying and printing
Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
not many pros here
Haven't found any yet.
Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
Dependable, good quality
Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
Very Cheap and easy to use.
speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time   caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
Spacious, large wheels, neat looking, fits perego carseat, LARGE basket / easy side access
Great resolution, decent zoom
Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
quality pictures, affordable
Small, discreet, well-built, long battery life, readable display. Belt holster very handy.
Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
large LCD display  #13; #10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States.  #13; #10;
Hardware
Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
Video Out, 1,152x864
Easy to use...
Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
small, great pictures, manual controls
Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
price and the look
Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger  amp; all cables, small  amp; compact.
Really inexpensive, USB connection
I do like the GUI interface
Lightweight, sleek design, extremely compact.
Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy   accurate voice dialing
Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
Voice activated dialing.
Very easy to use Great pictures
Small, user-friendly, versatile
Speed, Quiet, Detailed
It's cute.
Small, convenient features, self timer, takes movies or pictures, hooks up to computer.
The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
Easy to use, reliable, fun!
lightweight, easy to use, very cute
lightweight
Small. Great pictures. Proud owner
Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
Very crisp photos...
Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
ease of use, quality for the price
Small, lightweight, lots of features
easy to use , long battery life, very high image quality, large lcd screen
Quiet, fast, easy to use
Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
Small size, good reception, voice notes
Does everything a phone is supposed to do, excellently.
Cheap, small, easy to use printer program
Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
small, lightweight, can preview images on television
dependable, good quality
Fast, great quality text  amp; graphics, low ink use
5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
1-High Res camera at a great price amp;#13; amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD
Small, great reception, great battery life
Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
Features, compact size
cheap (free), ease of use
It looks like a southern link radio! #13; #10;
New Super CCD Technology
Terrific Pictures
Great optics and user interface
Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :) amp;#13; amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
price, ease of use, durable
Quality, price, easy to use
Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
Small size, sleek look.
Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Cool overall
Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
Everything, excellent photo quality
Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
great output, easy use, fair price
NONE
tip calculator
none
Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
Easy to use, very compatible (mac or PC) rugged and dependable.
Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
ring tones, durability, size, price
Good price, small, responsive, good features
Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
Excellent picture quality. Compact size., Easy to use!
Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
The features are cool I guess.
light weight; has functions; takes pictures
Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
size picture quality good if not using zoom
Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
Easy to use, Good quality pictures
two-sided printing feature
A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
The screen is big, a lot of memory
great variety of photo options !
Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
Good text.
Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
Good range of features, large picture capacity, LCD screen, AC adapter
Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
Fast print speed, waterproof ink
Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
Print quality is excellent
small, games, great battery life
Takes good photos of rats.
easy to use, good text and graphics quality
Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
LIGHTWEIGHT
6 cartridges, high quality color printing,
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
Great features
easy to use, low cost
Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers.
Good size, great reception
Easy to use, computer compatibility
Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
Very small and lightweight, external caller id, data-capable, voice recognition.
quality, size, price
Stylish, Compact
Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
Fast Carl Zeiss lens.
MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
Good fast quality.
great all around camera
User-friendly controls, quiet
12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
Size, style, features
It was free.  Small, lightweight, good ring tone.
looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
Tons of features, movie mode, and very clear pictures!
Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera.
USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
Nice camera for not a lot of $$
Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
Read above!
carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
USB and and LPT1 port, less then $99, wonderfull picture quality
Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
easy to download
Color Layering Technology
good reception and sound quality
very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
Ease of use.
Picture Quality, Ease of Use
USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom,
High resolution for a great price
Picture Quality, lots of features
Easy to hold, use
It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
double sided printing, speed
Sleek, Elegant and sporty if you want it to be. Strong reception, Light weight.
very small, very light, very cool, very convenient
Perfect for on-the-go
Great AVI system
Extremely small, great pictures
Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
Great phone!! No Problems!! Nice features!
Fast, inexpensive, good quality
Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
Great photo quality, no paper jams
Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
easy to transfer to computer
Great technical specifications.
Everything
Better than the 5160
Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
no need of a computer, USB supported
Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
Excellent quality and inexpensive
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
sturdy, good audio quality
Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
excellent picture quality
Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
Clearest phone I ever had!
A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
None.
compactness, ease of use, battery life
small, stylish, easy to use, handy
Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body  amp; design
Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
quality print,  amp;quot;dry amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit  amp; finish
great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
great text printing, decent speed
5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
Small, lightweight, long battery life
KEYBOARDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
SEE ABOVE
Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
Everything you need rolled up into one device
can pull in a signal where others can't.
Great phone, easy to use
Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
Excellent for Photos
Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
It has an on-off switch, price
Small, inexpensive, easy to use.
Lots of Features, Cheap
comfortable and light weight
Compact and easy to use
sturdy, light, attractive
Nice Price
2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable,
Price
Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
A Top Class Mobile Phone.
Slim, stylish, and just a great looking phone
A little narrower than a RAZR
Great image quality  amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
cheap
Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
Ease of operation
Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
Price, Refillable?
Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
speed, clarity
easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
Very good quality printer for a low cost
Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
easy to use, price
Does everything quite well.
Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
Easy to use and quality photos
Easy to use and sharp pictures
Small size, rechargeable battery included, excellent quality
Good for business man
Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
Takes great pictures., Outstanding for macro work.
Full Featured amp;#13; amp;#10;Fits in pocket amp;#13; amp;#10;Great pictures
Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
clarity, battery length
A decent phone with some unique features!
small size, powerful and hands free
Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
All functions work
Great pictures for the price
It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
Good Crisp Color, Fast Black  amp;amp; White, Simple Design
Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
Nice camera, good packaging, small
It's great and easy
Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
Sleek design and ease of use.
Many great features
great battery life
Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
This printer does everything you could want.
Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
Keypad! Function! Games!
great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
Fast, Easy-to-Use, Good Print Quality
size, weight, photo options
Still works fine.
Rechargeable battery, easy to use
10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
great battery life, easy to use
nice pictures,small,convenient
Affordable
floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
Small  amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
lightweight, convenient features
Attractive Space Saving Design
GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
small,great and cheap.
Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
Size and price.
Sprint Service
A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
Fast burst photo mode
Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
8MG Internal Memory amp;#13; amp;#10;Optical Zoom amp;#13; amp;#10;Audio for videos amp;#13; amp;#10;Can watch previews on the TV
Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
Inexpensive
Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
Size
excellent results, low maintenance costs, floppy disks which are cheap
fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
Sturdy construction, Numerous features, Excellent storage medium, Fast storage
Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
Great photos.
Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
Size does matter
Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
Easy to Use
good interface
Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
Great for everyday paper use, affordable
Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
Great reception
Small, with nice 2 way radio
nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
excellent picture quality, easy use
price, quality
Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
Size, battery life, software
Cheap (at first)
Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
fast, superb print quality
Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
Incredible browsing, easy interface
Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
Great investment for the money
Good Printer, Fast Speed
Price, quality, speed, size
More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Just a great MFC in every way, per page costs very low
Great color, easy to install
Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
Good battery life and large screen.
Output quality, construction, and driver support.
Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories #13; #10;
Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
pics and im
Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
Looks great
Small, great sound quality, long battery life
Size, Clear print, easy to use
Powerful feature set, good value.
Excellent quality on color and black ink.
Compact, great picture quality, stylish
Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
Great price, picture printing quality
Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
Great quality, lots of software options
Small, Nice looking, Free
Quality
Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
Very good quality photos, easy to use.
Size, ease of use, features
GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
Decent color
Very well priced.  Great for average user.
great camera in a small package
Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
Zoom capability, image clarity, software
good quality, fast printing, compact
Price.  Durability.
Inexpensive, Multifunction
easy point and shoot; good enough software
Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
Excellent quality
fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
Great features
separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
Light in weight, large screen
its aight
Nice screen. Small size.
PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
Lots of nice features.
Easy for beginners.
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Easy to use
Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
Sleek style
Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
Good Battery Life
excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
Ease of use, quality
2.1 mega pixel
Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
Easy to use, very inexpensive
Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
It is a very small and handy camera
call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
Controls, ease of use
Lots of nice features, high quality design.
Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
Great photographic output, very good price.
light, maneuverable, durable
backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
Small, free
Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
Very easy to use, good image quality
Cool looking
Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
Voice commands are very handy while driving.
Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
rugged and reasonable
Many useful and handy features.
Good text printing  amp;amp; no jams
All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
Easy to take pictures and download them.
Compact size. Flip design. Basic features. Two way plus cellular.
Small, cool looking, and good color
portability, ease of use, voice dial
Excelent close-ups
Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
everything
Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
excellent battery, stellar reception, great camera, lots of third-party support
lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
Size, Battery life, outside flip display
compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
solid construction,good zoom
Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
Versatility
Ease of learning operation, advantage of floppy disc to store pictures
Great pictures.  Easy to use.  Good price.
tiny, sleek, color, bluetooth, IR, GPRS, WAP, World GSM compatible
Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
Fun for events, very light weight
Looks, speed, features, capabilities
Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
Excellent pictures, small package
Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
Ease of Use, handy strap,
ink cartridge, paper alignment
large display, lots of features
Quality...  Speed...
High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
Small size, easy to use, great clarity
Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
Beautiful Prints with ease!
Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
Good amount of features, good battery life
Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
easy to set up
Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
good price, good photos, comes with a/c amp;#13; amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
Price
Looks cool
Has all the features you could want.
Speed, print quality, Price
Small   Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional   Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
Small design, light weight design, viewfinder
Size, Style, Light but sturdy feeling, Shiny!
none
Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
Nice photos. Good mix of features.
Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
Price, size and
Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
Ummm none?
Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier. #13; #10; #13; #10;
USB or Parallel compatible.
great price, good printing quality
Hey, the fax works
Exellent quality pictures
Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
quality product, never a problem with it
Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
Features, Features, Features
High quality for the money.
Cost
Amazing features and abilities
Nice Photos
small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
sleek design, small form factor, good reception   battery life
Usability
Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
Reception and size
Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
1 Device for everything
Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
convenience, quality, excellent zoom
Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
One of the best printers on the market.
Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
Easy to use
Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
Terrific design, carries infant car seat
Inexpensive, 6 color printing
Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
Fast speed, low per page cost.
Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
Pros: Cost of printer is low
Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
Very Affordable,Easy TO Install,Beautiful Color Pictures
Great battery life and reception.  User-friendly with tons of great features.
substantial, aluminum construction, superb lens, full manual  strong flash, incredible image quality.
Light and fun!
The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
Excellent sound, good features
Affordable
10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
space saver
Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
Good voice-dialing
beauty, ease of use, safety
none
Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
Good print quality
ease of use
USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
very small
Relatively quick, durable
it has all the advance features you'll ever need  amp; accepts CF Type II
Inexpensive, sturdy
inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
Easy to use
It's light and low tech.
Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie
Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
Looks nice.
Great all in one laser multifunction machine; Brother a good name.
Very Fast printing, exceptional value.
Does a Great Job
Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
graphics, sound
Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
Easy to use
Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
Great value and look
High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
Great camera, great price!
Great Reception
easy install
small, easy to carry
good picture in full sun
Solid   sleek design, volume settings
paper tray
Size, looks, image quality
Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
Price is definitely right!
cheap
Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W,  amp; Design. Did I mention size?
easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
Flat-bed scanner
Picture Quality, Ease of use
Optical and digital zoom.  Lots of features.  Great customer support.
Awesome photo output
Cheap, tiny.
Fast, good quality, easy set up and use, and a  lt;i gt;fantastic lt;/i gt; print driver for Win98
is easy to use and is great options
tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
Brilliant LCD, Nikon Quality
Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
very nice exterior design
Fits head well. Flip Phone
Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
easy to navigate site, excellent prices
None
small, stylish, easy to understand menus
great color, great sound
great color, inexpensive
It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
Camera never worked long enough to list pros
Inexpensive,good creative software,
Sleek style, intuitive functionality
Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
The best optics! Ease of use.
ease of use, high quality images, fast downloads via USB
Quick access to pix, easy to use
Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds,
Lots of Storage!
Ease of use, special features
small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
It's a Nokia
Light, compact, and easy to use
Excellent picture quality,user friendly,conventional  amp;amp; digital zoom,lens adapter
Vibrant Display, Excellent Sound Quality
Good-looking photos and easy to use
Great Copier and scanner
Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
Cheap!
Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Features, ease of use and computer interface method
lightweight, easy to use
The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
great price
compact size
Battery life, speaker phone, durability, reception, voice calls
Lightweight, durable, fun
EVERYTHING
Good Speed, Great Quality
Good print quality, quiet, reliable
Hardware
advanced features, color
Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
Small, lightweight, eye-catching phone with good reception
Style, Small, just one word, "KEWL"
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
Excellent pictures battery life and features!
USB, ease of use, speed, support
Excellent image quality, packed with features
Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
very easy to work
Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
fast and clear
Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
Compact, easy to use
Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
talk without holding phone
Good reception, great size,   unique style
Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
chip
Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
Clear print and copy quality
long battery life
For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
good quality  amp; numerous capabiities.
Photos instantly on disk
fast, good quality printing
Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
comprehensive features
Quality, Easy to use/maintain
Good battery life
small size, smart design
Small, cheap.
Great camera to shoot many shots  amp; sort out the great shots later.
Beautiful prints right out of the box. Easy to set up and connect.
Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
Lightweight, only 12 lb.
Excellent picture quality.
easy to use
Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
Attractive
I love it
Color Screen.
solid construction
Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
Price, ease of installation, clarity of printing both color and black and white
unique, easy to carry
Size, weight, overall performance
Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
price
compact, high quality images
Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
Good camera for phone, good clarity, menus easy to navigate, good music player
Low cost, great color prints,good service
Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
Accepts different lenses; Feels like a  lt;i gt;real lt;/i gt; camera; Sharp pictures
Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
Great picture quality. Easy to use, just point and shoot.
Holds picture of my kids
Save a couple dollars (at best)
Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
sturdy, easy to use camera
Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
storage media and accessories
allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
hey, it's four-in-one!
Quick, quiet, good price
Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
Beautiful results!
It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
no more film or negatives
Great print quality, ease of use
cheap, dual mode (digital camera  amp; webcam), mgi software included
Great value
Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality
great for the price
easy to use
Great Quality, Good Price
Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
Size, size and size!
Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
Very fast, High Quality
size, color screen
Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media  amp;#13; amp;#10;
timer,flash,it's a camera
economical and easy to use
Easiest camera in the world to use.
fast, great color pics, quiet.....
size, looks, features, software usability
intuitive interface
good quality pictures
very good picture quality and easy to use
Great for printing photos.
Great image quality, software easy to use
Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
Feature rich, long battery life, stylish, light weight
size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
speed, document size
resolution and speed
Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
It folds with no problem!!!!
safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Great image quality; cheap media
Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
Easy to navigate, attractive,large screen, very bright
Excellent image quality
lightweight, assembly, back support
Great design, easy to use, easy to install, great quality prints, great speed, nice paper handling, good companion software
picture quality, ease of use, great software
feels like a normal camera, 3.5 amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
Fast enough, amazing image quality, convenient control
Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
Great photo print quality - amp;#13; amp;#10;Decent color graphics
Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
Great quality fast digital pictures.
everything
Excellent print quality for under $200
great pictures, feature rich
small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
Ease of use, solid feel
Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
Quality  amp;amp; value
Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
Small in size
Compact size , good quality LCD Display , 4 Megapixel , All professional features
Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
Cheap, decent quality
Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
Size- works well (for awhile)
RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
size, light-weight, picture quality, features
small, light, works in Toronto AND Vancouver, clear
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
Close up shots.
Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
Good price
Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
Quality Printing and Scanning
Prints Excellent Quality Pictures ,
Nice colour printing
Easy to use, great printing , amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $.
Set up of printer and software easy
it works
Good battery life   features
Great looking stroller that works great!
reasonable price This features you would expect from a very expensive camera
Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
voice activated dialing, downloadable rings
Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
Small, Takes Abuse Like Nobody's Business,
Lovely print jobs, great pictures
Great design, small size, useful external LCD
Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
It's Fast and Quiet
High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
dirt cheap
USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
Cheap, Excellent Picture Quality
can print from camera card
Quick to print
resolution and price
Very Easy to use
Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
Inexpensive, picture quality
Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
Cheap, usb  amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
compact, easy to use, good feature set
Quality of print, quiet, HP Brand Name
easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
Radio.  Global coverage.  Camera.  Great look.  Great size.
Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
*Very light #13; #10;*Fits everywhere #13; #10;*Some good features(Call block) #13; #10;*World Phone
Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
excellent picture quality
Point  amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
Cheep, good quality, good battery life
Easiest phone to use, once learned. #13; #10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
Flip, reasonably small
Clarity
unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
Initial purchase price good
Zoom, 1.3 megapixel, Smartmedia
Quality
Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
Amazing Printing Quality and Design
Compact traveling size.
lightweight, easy to use
Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
Great Print Quality
Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
Battery life, size, voice dialer
Tiny, Quick camera
10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
Great camera, good price
Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
Relatively cheap, easy to use, viewfinder+lcd screen
Fast!
Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
great camera
Wonderful Software Included; Easy-to-Use; Great Picture Quality; Lots of Features; Low Cost
snappy little phone, i like the color screen, i really like the voice dialing.
Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
So/so image quality
LIGHT!!  Folds up and STANDS!! Combi attention to detail!
Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
Durability, simplicity of use
very easy to use
Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
It prints nice and clear copies
With the dock, it is fairly easy to upload pictures to the computer
small, nice color screen
speed, print quality
Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
Excellent print quality, fast text printing
Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , ,
Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
size, many ways to customize settings, voice dialing
Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
Quiet, fast, inexpensive
Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
Stores pictures on 3 1/2  amp;quot; disks
Very inexpensive, excellent print  amp;amp; color
3.5 FD Storage, 10X Zoom, 2 hour Battery life
Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
High quality output, fast, 1440 dpi, 11 amp;quot; x 17 amp;quot; paper
Comfortable size, good voice quality
Cheap
full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
external LCD screen,199 phone book space
Good price, okay quality.
12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
The distinctive look
Super!!
Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
Great Price
Well Balanced phone
Great looking printer
Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
See Writeup
easy to use, takes great photos
4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
Nice flip cover, light weight,
weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
Affordable
Many options. Clear pictures.
Quality, Printing Program
excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
Clear, color true, versatile.
One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
Cheap, Reliable, compact
It was part of a package deal
Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
Small, Light, Portable
Durable, light, nice features
long talk time
Excellent picture quality; flexible  amp; easy picture settings
Easy viewing and editing
Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
Personalize your phone in many way
Good quality for the price
Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
Looks great, feels great, solid
image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
Cheap
Excellent quality pictures and small size.
Jam-packed features; Inexpensive
good quality,short video recording,microphone
Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
Stylish, small foot print, priced right
Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
Lots of functions
features, works on low signal
easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
Easy to use, great pictures!
The bluetooth and connectivity  is excellent.
Solid quality, good reception, fairly sized keypad, can receive calls in office, home. Good speaker.
Easy to use amp;#13; amp;#10;Lightweight
wireless, PDA, INTERCOM, FAX, E-MAIL ALL-IN-ONE
Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
Size, features, looks
light, cool, chick and cute
The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
Nice looking, good battery life
Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
Stylish, with many features.
Reliable, good print.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
Cool switchable covers
Good quick guide. Software not bad.
Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
Megapixel quality, easy to use
compact, stylish, easy to use
prints well, easy to install
awesome accesories, lots of features
Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
small, compact easy to use
everything
cheap
Perfect for an infant and older toddler
IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
3x optical zoom
Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size.
small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
picture quality excellent
GReat sound quality, great little phone
Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
Good for the price
Everything
comparable to higher priced models
Great picture quality, good price
Easy to use
Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
cheap
Small, tough, very good quality pictures
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
Cheap and easy to use
Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display.
Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
Phone book, small size
Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
Everything
I love it, small and compact
easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
Great print quality for the money.
Quality for the price, ease of use
Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
many features  amp; good picture quality
Palm and Handheld in one unit
comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
very cheap
Inexspensive
very inexpensive
Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
unbeatable portability, ease of use
Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
Easy to operate
Very small, very "cool," great reception
- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
Great stroller
good picture quality
Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
Wasted $450 bucks--could have been worse
The Zoom!!! The features galore.
clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
Great photo quality.
Excellent performance
Ease of Use, and Great Shots
Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
Toughness, navigation ease
Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical
big screen, pretty good battery life, great for messaging
fast clear printing, easy to use
sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
Great photo prints, easy to use
Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
Quality pictures, not bound to the computer!
GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
superb quality, excellent speed
excellent quality, speedy prints
Easy to use, good quality pictures.
Small   lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
good pictures, small camera
Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
CD storage and MPEG capability.
Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
Price, Looks, Durability.
Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
easy to install, great print quality
nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
Combines color palm   cell phone, full web browsing and email access
Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
Better than average voice quality
Size, construction, image quality
Fast, No Banding
takes nice photo's, LCD screen, easy to operate.
Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
Speakerphone, Durable
Oversize paper capability
Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
Nice big color at a bargain price
Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
Price, Print Quality
convenient and very easy to use;takes good photos when edited properly
Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
Prints Fast, resolution is nice
looks
Cheap printer for simple personal use.
Prints beautiful pictures.
Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily
The Camera is cheap
Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
cheap, durable, reliable phone with two-way SMS messaging and voice mail
plays video games, great flashlight
Durable and easy to use
Multiple Uses (scanner, printer  amp; copy machine)
Inexpensive, dependable
Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap
Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
slow
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
reliable, good pics, well-priced
SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
unbelievable photo quality
It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!
low unit price
Nice features.
Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
great design
Great pictures!!
Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
Easy to set up
Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
Good Picture
Crisp Text Output, Quiet
Many Many features
Please give comment
Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
Price, Good Picture Quality, Ease of use.
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
technically, a free phone
OK OUTPUT
Small, convenient clarity
Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
LCD Screen, USB  amp; TV Out, Easy Install, Auto Flash
Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
Superb Quality
400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
roller attachment for printing pictures, easy to install and use
Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
Very fast printing
rugged, great pictures, easy to use
Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
Cost  amp;amp; Quality
compact, affordable
looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
flip phone clear screen good reception
Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
Style,Weight,Features,Reception
inexpensive good features
Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
Great quality at a good price
Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
Outstanding customer service
Stand-alone, fast printing speed, decent quality
good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
Large Screen, easy to navigate with one finger(or should I say your thumb)
floppy disk storage
Excellent color quality
It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
LCD screen
size, ability for older child to stand
Inexpensive to purchase
Ease of use, features
Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
Great style, ultra compact, big clear screen, reasonable price
Very easy to use right out of the box
It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
Cool features, great reception, long battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
Great signal.
Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
Speed, Quietness,Print quality
Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
Easy
Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
individual tanks
Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
Free with 1 year contract with Cingular Wireless
very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Great software included!
Quiet. Crisp output.
Great camera, usb interface is wonderful
A great all-in-one machine!
Great color quality
Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
good sound quality for local calls, many features
Easy to use
Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection
Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
Price
As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
Cheap, has timer, nice case
Easy to use, lightweight, great pictures
small size/large phonebook/feature packed
Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
color screen, battery life, organizer
Low Cost, Compact Design
Small size, lightweight
Superior Camera
takes good up close pictures in the dark
It came free with our computer
Fast, quiet, sharp
FABULOUS COLOR
Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
good black and white, time
Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels ,
4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
Fast, superb image quality, free software.
Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
sleek style small size easy to use
Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
Zoom, Weather Proof
Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
Acceptable image quality, get to see photos right away
Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
Everything you need rolled up into one device
Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
has color and a camera
small, light, nice design, display, features
Easy to use, zoom, panorama
purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
Handy, Inexpensive Entry Level
3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
LCD has bugs,no satisfaction
A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
Easy to use; very good image quality
Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
Tiny, Light = Wearable
picture quality, optical zoom, price
Good quality, many reclining positions
long battery,loud and clear.
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
full functional dual purpose device
LCD on the front and Voice Command
Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
good for the internet
Easy to setup and run with XP.  Output initially excellent.
20 minute record time, size
excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
Live phone support, fax response; Web; one-year parts-and-labor warranty amp;#13; amp;#10;
The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
Great pictures. Very easy to use.
1'8 inch LCD View Finder
Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
You can play games. Not much else
Tri-mode, easy to use
Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
camera, phone features, style
lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
attractive
Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
affordable, efficient, FAST!
Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
Easy to use with better than expected photo results.
Size, sturdiness, price
Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
Nice crisp color screen, integrated datebook that works.
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
Durable, rechargeable battery
Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
Good reception, bluetooth.
Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
So many Features
Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
Two radio
A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
Good starter digital camera
Great features, simple user friendly options to the advanced Photographer. Superb Photos.
camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
Well, it does look nice.
Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use,
Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
price
Worked for a while
Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
HEADACHE GIVER!
Small, clear and lightweight!
Easy to use, nice quality pics
Beautiful prints, very fast.
CD's are convenient; image quality is excellent
small, cheap
Easy to use
Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
folds up and opens very easily, is very light
Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
Very compact design, 5 Mega Pixels, Not much else
Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
Absolutely NONE
Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
Good price
Resolution, Price, Size
The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
incredibly easy to use, very light
small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
Durable, good battery life, large screen size
Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
Can see photos right away, very easy to use
Everything about this camera is a plus.
Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
low price, good quality, easy to use, long battery life
Inexpensive, easy, great photos
good quality printing, nice color, price, rebate offer
Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
Compact and light
Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
Service is great in certain areas
Relatively small, reliable.
good picture quality, simple to use,  good owners manual
great features, great battery life, great size
High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
Good Reception, Clamshell,  Full size keys, easy to read screen.
easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
very compact, many nice midi ring tones
Small prices, easy to use
-good looking
inexpensive entry in the color printing market
Durability
Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan  amp; photo quality.
Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color.
Available at no cost through many plans.
very sleek size, color, tons of extras
Low Cost, High Quality
Affordable, Compact, Easy to transfer to computer
great features, generally decent design
Less space then separate printer and scanner.
great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
Form, comfort, features
Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!
good crisp color screen
Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
Two way talk system
ink cartridge lasts a long time
Overall good printer
Light, Durable, Long-lasting Battery
Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
great price, great quality for an entry level printer
Excellent photo quality, speed.
Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Good range of features
Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
Easy to Use, Quick
daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
small and cheap
IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8 amp;quot; TFT display
No paper jams
Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
low price
small, cool, solid, easy to use
Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
user Friendly, very reasonable price
price, speed
great item,great price.
Little lag time between shots, good battery life
Small, great image quality, portable, undetectable.
Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
Wonderful storage in cd!
price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
some nice features
Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
sturdy, menus, phone book search
Quick, crisp copies
Nice looking, Camera worked well, Nice screen.
Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
Extremely easy to push, well built
size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
Low price, easy to set up and use.
Size, Price, Battery Life, Style
very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
Great battery life
inexpensive, small and tidy, quiet
Tiny, cute, good pictures!
Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
Small, stylish, fast.
Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
Excellent image quality
easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
Good pictures, set of features
Cellular Phone Use Only
Excellent pictures and easy to use.
Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
Looks cool, great price, print photos!
compact, great printing,scanner conversion
More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
Amazing quality, does photos very well!
great for copying pictures
Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
Easy to use
Nice sizer, good battery life
Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
Wonderful size phone, and great features
Size, ease of use
Size, feel in hand, build quality
Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
Great optical zoom
easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
Ease of use
Integration
Ease of setup, price, paper handling
prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings
Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
Styling
Design
Stylish, durable...
Cheap, Good battery, Good OS, Feature filled
Purchase price
Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
Good optical zoom, battery life and price.  Proven commodity.
light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
Good print quality
Fast (in draft mode only)
it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
Print quality, speed
nice pictures
ergonomics, image quality
small,sturdy, light
Easy to use, affordable and does just what I wanted it to do!
It works great!
High Quality, Good Optical Zoom
Great Print Quality
Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
Long Battery Life, User friendly features,
nice quality, good price
flexibility, easy use
Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
2-way radio, clarity, internet access
Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
Handy cradle
feature packed,nice price
price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
Cheap
cheap, clear printing and good software
Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
Aesthetically pleasing.
Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
Cheap, and simple
fabulous!
Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
Great photo quality, average text quality.
Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
Text Quality, Print output very good
Great images, easy to use, full featured.
Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
Easy to use, great features
Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate   customizable menus
Cheap.
ease of setup, use, very good quality
Sleek and full of great features.
Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
small, compact, good backlighting
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
convenient
many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia  amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability,
fair price
Economical, Does the Job
low-cost, good quality
Price, quality of printout, versatility
Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
Great price, wonderful pictures
Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
Prints, Scans, and Copies
cost, reliability, simple to use
Small, light, easy to use
Very Affordable and Compact
Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
Sound and alarm
clarity, rather quick charge and display
Great Pictures, Great time saver
very fast printer
Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
Free, good quality, reasonable speed
Cheap, fair pictures
easy to use
Easy to use, versatile
Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
Funky, sexy, easy to use
Size, weight, clearity, options
True to Life Photo Quality, Ease of Use and Good Paper Support.
Ease of use Quality of output and Reputation
Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
Great Images and Flexibility
UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
Ease of use, size, price
Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
Convienient, looks good,
# storage, size, clearity
Compact with lots of features, easy to use.
superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
Strikingly beautiful
Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
Slim and looks cool
Quality
Price, picture, look, everything!
Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
small, modern looking, long talk time
Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
sturdy
Easy to use
3.5 floppy, easy to use
tons of them
Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
Tons of features. Simple to use!
All around quality
Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
You can set the buttons to make a sound like water drops - funny!
lightweight, inexpensive, easy to fold, relatively well padded
Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
Color screen, good reception, good battery life
Charge time, charger size
Very durable, good stock ring tones. Long battery life
4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia  amp; Compact Flash.
Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
keeps numbers very accessible
Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
Great battery life and super speakerphone
Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
Hey!  The calculator works!
Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
Color screen.  Speaker phone.
It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA   phone); wireless web that is useful
Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
great quality
Call clarity, great reception, solid feel, fast and responsive OS
Great-quality prints
Quality photos, USB connection
easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
Compact, high-resolution, easy to use
Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
style, size, Motorola reputation, price
(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
fast, silent, nice design
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Neat camera and video.
Easy to push and turns great.
Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
Size, portability when necessary.
Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
price point
compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
takes great pictures and still cheap
bright colors, consistent color fields
reliable
strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
Full featured, easy to use
lots of features, good battery life, infra red
The best photos
Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
This phone can do more tricks than a magic act!
good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
Ease of use, price
Excellent product and reliability
Very good digital images
Very Good Print Quality
Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera amp;#13; amp;#10;Terrific pictures
Good Quality Pictures
good look great photos good reception
size and style make it a great phone
Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
Great reception, good menu, nice size.
USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
everything and then some
Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
Great Pictures
Easy to use and you will like the results
Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
It has all the features you'll ever need  amp; produces incredible pictures.
Cheap., Quality of print ok-when working.,
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
PDA and phone integration, color screen
small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper
swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
Speed and quality
High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
Good for basic calling functions.
So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
cute looking
It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
cost
Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
great quality, quick printing
Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
Well, it looks like a real camera
Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
excellent print quality, ease of use
ease of use
Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
Excellent image quality
Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
easy to use, well priced, compact flash card capable, uses AA's
fast printing, great colors, great printer
all feature in one
accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
Best available quality for the price.
Free with PC purchase
Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
It's cheap
Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
Compact, fantastic quality, easy to transfer pics, great LCD.
small, versatile, easy to use
6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
Front folding flap, control panel
easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
High-quality, easy to use, fun.
Designed for one purpose and one purpose only
sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
Battery life is outstanding
Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
Love affair lasted only a year.
Excellent picture quality
quality, price, durability
Compact
Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
Does it all
Cheap, Light weight
easy to use
Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
Great audio and video display!
Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
Looks, Desirability, Screen
Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
Easy to use, good service, cool features
In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
captures great images
Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
Easy to use, cheap, good for newbies
Great quality photo printing
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
Good handset sound quality, good RF
Takes Beautiful Pictures
easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
~1hr battery life on provided alkalines, 1.5-2 on a decent set of 4 NimHs
Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
speed, quality, name
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
EVERYTHING
Small, great battery life
USB Connection, can shoot pictures in rapid succession, quick and easy to use for webmasters
VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
Easy to use feature loaded.
Great Price, packed with features
cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics.
Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
Everything about it
Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode
price, photo quality, ease of use
quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up  amp;amp; use
Buttons should be at top
Good customer support
It prints great detail in my pictures
Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
Solidly built, with a host of features.
4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
Cheap
Great Price  amp; takes ordinary batteries
rugged, durable, small, clarity, user friendly
USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
Good to look at, easy to handle
Free with most service plans
bluetooth good looking easy use
It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
Durable, long ink life, price.
Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
ease of use (camera  amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
low priced
Fast printing speed in black and white.
size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
It's immune to water?, looks cool, easy to use,
Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
Inexpensive, good print quality 70% of the time, small and lightweight
Ok camera
Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
size   style
Print Speed, Software, Print Quality, amp;#13; amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks.
Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
Great zoom lens
Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
Price, ease of use
Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
Great photo quality prints
Meets Specifications
Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
Very effective and compact
Price
Prints great photos!
Everything
Size, User Friendly
Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
Rolls easily over virtually all terrain, looks nice!
A very nice camera for the price
Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
Tiny size, battery life, well-lit images are excellent.
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
portable, durable, lightweight
Almost everything is GREAT!
SLR, Zoom Lens, Spot metering, exposure compensation,tripod mount, self timer
for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
Light weight and eaSy to use.
Excellent image quality, excellent color, battery power "countdown" in minutes, intuitive operation, cool design
price, output quality
Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
Looks good
stated elsewhere
Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
NONE
Print quality, quiet, fast
Durability, Looks, Color Screen, Features.
Battery Life
Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
Looks, Very Light
Affordable, Reliable
Indestructible Titanium case a new wrinkle in an otherwise board-to-tears phone industry.
- better than the handspring treo 300
World wide access, great features, small size.
The realibilty, the cost,
Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
For $20, its a great price.
inexpensive
Nikon quality
All around excellent
Price, options offered
Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
Lightweight, clear calls
Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
Easy to use, prints well
Excellent Warranty from an Excellent Company
Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
Cheaper than others
Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
lightweight and small
Ease of operation and handling.
Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
Easy to use, Small size, options seem endless
Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
Great deal for the money!
4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
convenient, sturdy, durable
An excellent stroller
3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance! amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
Sleek looking
nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
Control every aspect of your photograph even the ASA speed.
Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
Easy to turn, seat is padded
Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
small, lightweight
Awesome color prints
Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
picture quality, reliability, design
See Below.
Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
image quality, ease of use
Size,ease of use,functionality
Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality,  amp; fun special effects
Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
ink level indicators when printing
rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
would make a nice house for a family of mice
Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
Cost-low
Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
It was cheap
Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
Cheap among 8000 series
Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
Prints beautifully!
what a cool stuff
Easy to use
Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Can you find anything better for this price?
light-weight, size, good quality
cheap
Ease of use, functions, low cost
Easy to use and produces quality photos
Voice Dialing
really convenient,cute as can be
-Thin, light body- very stylish
Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
SMS, Easy to use
Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
The print quality is superb.
A Nice phone.....
Clear, Easy   Wonderful
Ease of use, many features
Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
Ease of use, picture quality
Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
Good resolution for the price
96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
Vibrating function, small, convenient
Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
Floppy Drive
Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
Cheap, good for essays/reports
Great picture quality, flexable resolution/compression rate, features galore
Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
Low price, small footprint, simple.
Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
floppy drive on the camera itself
Average battery life
Nice Camera young, it so tight!
Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
Relatively simple to use, accepts standard memory upgrades
Easy to use, high quality, versatile
Terrific high quality pictures
A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
Good Looking
Great pictures Cheap Price
Very small, long battery life, nice rings, stylish
A NORMAL size cell phone and a Palm in one package.
Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
size, flip
Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
no problems figuring out how to use it.
Price. Advertised features. Size.
Simple, fast, good quality
Extensive Control
Superb sound quality, durability, and options
Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
It's cheap and simple to use
light, ease of use, great photo quality
Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
Easy to Use, Unbeatable Clarity
Price
seats can face each other, both seats recline
?
Ultra small, good battery life
None.
Very small
Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options,
Fast, easy to use, unlimited cheap storage
Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
Carry-everywhere size, superior resolution, no loose lens cap
Long battery life, easy to use
Saves Desk Space.
Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
Small, compact, nice clip for attaching to your belt
Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
The pro part is I got rid of this stupid phone!
Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
Reliable
Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
Cheap Reliable
good looking???
Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
Everything
Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
photographs, speed
Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
Big screen, Bluetooth, Built-in Camara, and lots of extras!!!
Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
Cheap, decent quality
Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
Excellent print quality, fast
Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
Light, attractive, lots of features
Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
Great picture, color, ease of use
it was free, it was durable
EVERYTHING
Small
Size, Quality
Screen, Speakerphone, PCS Vision-Enabled, Joystick
does almost anything
GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
Outstanding combination of features and value.
Inexpensive and Reliable
Color screen, MOTO features
Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
Its a printer, inexpensive
Cheap! Small in Size!
the size is perfect
Floppy Disk technology
Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
easy to use, good price, great pictures
sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
Nikon name, pixels
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
Lightweight and easy to use
looked durable
Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
Functionality, design, quality, business use
All in one, when it works
water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
Easy to install.  Many nice features
look, size, reception
Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
Image quality and resolution; Ease of use
very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
compact, light, and easily manageable, fun to use!
Great quality for the price
Features galore. High quality images.
music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
easy to use , FUN
easy to operate
Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
cheap, high quality pictures
3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality
Print quality, HP customer Service
price, performance
cheap, easy to use
Good looks, easy paper loading  amp;amp; cartridge change
The optical zoom of 10x is very powerful.
2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
just about everything
Multi task item fast and easy
Fast, great quality
Excellent software to accompany camera
Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
Instant Pictures  amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
Lightweight and very compact when folded.
Deep, rich color when printing photos
features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
No pros
really fast, great text printing easy to use
Free with T-mobile
Easy to Use
HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
Produces a Great Printed Product
Cool looking, lightweight, good features
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
fast, sharp, replaces your fax machine, very nice software
Great pictures, great price
Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
good clear picture
Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control,
Fast, quality printing for any project
8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
I'm still looking for one
cool blue light
Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
The cost
Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
fast,expandable,dependable
reasonable price; user friendly camera
Easily personalized, durable, headset enabled, speakerphone for phone calls
Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
Easy to use and wonderful quality.
Excellent feature content for the money, good quality pictures, user-friendly, USB port.
Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
affordable and awesome
Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
Functionality, Features, Price
very affordable
Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
Looks Good but that's about it.
Great pictures, pretty good storage media.
Very user-friendly.
Good quality
Everything
Stylish...keeps to the Nextel roots.
High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
Compact, point  amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
easy to use, sleek, cheap
Features, price.
Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
Cool screen, vibrate function
Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
simple and extremely effective, great price!
Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
Nice picture
Supports  MAC OSX  amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time.
Color of screen (amber is cool).
...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
Easy to Use, Software  amp;amp; Hardware
Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
Great cheap camera
Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
Easy to set up uses both types of hook ups USB and Parallel
Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
Value and quality
3 in one
Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
Easy to use, great clarity
Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
Nice looking
Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Great print quality, low cost of ownership
easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
Takes great pictures in four resolutions
Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  ,
None
Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
good battery life, very clear
Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
Outstanding print quality, 10ppm in econofast black and white, cool new styling
Great quality, text and picture
Many, Many features #13; #10;Great call quality
Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
simplicity
Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
Good price, decent quality
All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
Size and style
Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset   vibrating battery
Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
Great feel, camera, nice look.
EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
Fast, easy!
Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
Slim and fits well in your hand
Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
Compact, easy to use.
Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
photo-lab quality
Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
compact, various ring selections, excellent battery life
Cheap!
Unexpensive, easy use, sharp daylight pictures
Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
price, robust, quality, usability
Small, light, custom lights.
Small Size great zoom easy to use
everything
Cheap, Good quality
easy to operate
Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
Easy for a beginner to use!
Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
Great Battery Life.
Moderately priced, easy to use, portable format, great pictures
Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
great Nokia UI, world phone, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, small size, nice design
every feature in the book, super clear photos
nice photo prints; print from flash card
quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes,
Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life!
signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
Cheap, Easy
Small
Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
easy
Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
never breaks
Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
Great Camera, LCD is clear!
Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
small and light, low price, easy to use
nice small comfortable
Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
Great size, great design, good reception
Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
quality
Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
able to see and delete pictures before development, lots of features
Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder,
Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
Lighter, More user friendly
size, looks
superb pic quality, easy of use
Cost
Connectivity, interface, look.
Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
A real "convergence device" #13; #10;Acts as portable hard disk
Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
Ease of use, value
Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality
Vibrance and Clarity to Various Projects
Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
Prints at the push of a button!
NONE, NONE, NONE
Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
HP great machine
Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
Awesome picture Quality
Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
Amazing quality
10X zoom is great coupled with the 4Meg resolution.
Real neat little phone
Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Easy to use
samll foot print, low initial price
Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
Easy to use, Excellent Quality of pictures, Battery life is good, Has a video mode!
Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
When it works, it's very nice.
easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
External LCD, Looks great
Inexpensive, good for kids
It could do a lot of stuff.
Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound. #13; #10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
Power management is great. #13; #10;PalmOS with real web power.
compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
NOTHING
how this think works
Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
Top notch picture quality
Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
Great Quality pictures, great black  amp; white. Easy to install.
Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
Easy to use
Size, price, ease of use, web cam function
Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
Small, Compact  amp; easy to use
Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
durable, tiny world phone, nice design, vibrating alert
Great Printer!
Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
Does a good job!
Excellent picture quality!
Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
Good picture
Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
Small with many, many features
Ease of use, build quality, styling.
ease of use, quality, price
Price, HP, Photo
Quality color scanning and printing
Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
cost, size, convenience
New, Trendy, Looks Like iPod
price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
Easy to use. High quality for the price.
NOTHING!!!
Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
Excellent design to this camera
Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
Fast, good color, small margins.
It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
Excellent quality in almost every area
Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
Price, speed, DPS, Quality
Easy to use, great quality pictures
Cheap, basic PDA features
Great price
Color screen. Flip phone.
Small size and lots of features
12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
Great image quality, most things work as advertised
Great for the price
High-quality, neat-looking documents
Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
Compact, and easy to use
Picture quality, price, software
4S-Size,Software,Simple and Soft picture
Looks pretty, has extra functions
Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
Good Speed , Excellent Quality, Nice Look,
Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
Small size with an optical zoom
Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
it is very easy to use simple instructions
All-in-one
MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
No Comment
price
Durability, low-cost.
Combines four machines in one
Good looks, design
Very small long battery life great reception
print quality
Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
Memory, price, battery charge life.
Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.
light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
good quality, durable, reasonable priced
Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
Nothing spectacular - just another phone
Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
Color screen, wireless web
Very easy to use
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
looks; features; price; screen
Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
Solid construction.
Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
Beautiful screen.
Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
Easy to use with one had or two
Cute styling, good games, great clarity (voicestream), personalization options
Color screen, great battery, convenient QWERTY keyboard.
Great color display, lots of applications
Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
easy to use
Cheap(in price) reliable
small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
Excellent print speed and quality
very nice looking
address book,
sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled #9;
Silvery futuristic exterior
great for people with time on their hands.
great quality, easy to use
light and easy to use
Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings.
Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
Sleek, lightweight
Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
Small, Looks cool,
good quality printing
Solid performance, excellent color, super support
Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
Best Digital Camera I have used to date.
Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
great value for money, good quality printouts
No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
Ease of use
excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
auto duplexing, quiet, fast  amp;amp; professional quality
One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
Great Pictures!
Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
Compact, good screen resolution
Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
It's relative small and it plays music!!!
Good zoom
Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
Easy to use
print quality
Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
Great price, good image quality, easy to use
small camera with excellent picture
Tri-Mode
lightweight, inexpensive
Quick, quiet, easy to install
Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
easy to fold, narrow
256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
can pull in a signal where others can't.
small, walkie talkie, cheap
Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
size, photo quality, and flash card storage
Nice looking Phone
Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
Good Picture Quality, Easy To Use, Many Options
Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
Connectivity options: PCMIA,USB,serial
Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
Light, easy to use
Slim Handset
super lightweight, folds up small, maneuvers in small places
light weight
Sleek,nice screen.
Price
Small size, lots of features
graphics,camera quality.size. colour quality. Good ringtones and volume. Many features.
lightweight, good for travel
Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing   GPS
good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
Phone works in weak digital signal areas
Powerful, clear, many options
it can fax, print and copy
great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator   World Clock features!
Compact, rugged, high-quality images
large, clear LCD
Price and size.
very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
Small size, lightweight, user friendly
Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
You can run with a baby!
Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced,
easy, great quality
Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
Looks Good
Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
Great Games   Extras
Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
Clarity, simple to use, numerous features, great product
slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
Good reception, good battery life.
Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
Lots of ink, photo-quality printing, comes with loads of software
It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
very durable, extremely clear
battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
Size, Price, Quality, Speed
EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
Great Size, Great Offers
pic quality, smart media,price
Resolution, image quality, convenient software to download images
Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
it's a printer
It was on sale for $20.
Good quick snap camera for Under $100
Better than sending smoke signals. #13; #10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
An all in one solution for the home or office.
high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
Changing resolution
extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
lt;b gt;Extreme lt;/b gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
Low Cost
bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
Easy to use, good quality, great price
Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
NONE
built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
Nice quality for the price; lots of features
Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
Small, light, very well made, great styling
Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
makes a good paperweight
Works in Europe as well
Fast, great photo quality
I can't think of any.
Cost, comes out great
Ease of Use Quality
Basic, simple to use phone
Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
Good results, reasonably quick, "demo" toner lasts forever, good price.
affordable and great quality
1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries,
Good size. Easy interface.
None
SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
Small, Light weight
Size, easy to use, many features
colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
Great Photographic Printer
Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
Great pictures, many options
Solitaire, small and portable
Small, easy to personalize, secure
Easy to use
Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
Good digital camera for the price paid.
good color
Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
Easy to Use.
cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
Excellent size, external LCD
great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
SLR, great image quality
Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
Cheap price for what it can do.
Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
Great quality at an affordable price
Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
good signal nice overall phone
Speakerphone, good price, light weight
Great buy for the features and picture quality!
Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
A len that "rotate", light weight, 12 scene modes to select from
great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
Small size, great picture quality
clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
size, style, features, durability
None
much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size   weight
cheap
no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
cute, dual screen, good signal.
Color screen, easy menu
ease of use, floppies,
Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
use to take places and you get great pictures
Price, picture quality, ease of use
look   feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
Double side printing, quiet, fast
Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
Superb picture quality
Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
Easy to read, and more lines of text
Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
Crisp, quiet and fast printing
Excellent Pictures, No Film
Clever idea, smaller than many tandem strollers
Good camera for someone looking to spend little. Good value.
Size, Feel, Quality
Size, ease of use, quality
Clarity, Portability
excellent picture quality
image quality, features
Great Pictures
Price, excelent features for such a cheap phone, good construction
Low - price, good output
Works good for basic things
Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
Ease of use, stylish design, easy to use buttons, excellent zoom and macro
Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
amp;#149; Great features amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#149; Rubberized buttons and quality plastic.
Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
light, nice blue display, compact
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
User friendly
Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
Ease of use and features built in
vivid color pictures, sharp black text
Ultimate camera for its size
Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality.
*Easy setup amp;#13; amp;#10; *Small Footprint. amp;#13; amp;#10; *Quiet amp;#13; amp;#10; *Excellent print quality amp;#13; amp;#10; *Fast amp;#13; amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever amp;#13; amp;#10; *Great price!
Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
Loud ring
Great printer..little price
Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
Its small, versatile, and affordable.
decent quality printing, easy to use
Ease of use, print quality, additional software
Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
size,battery life,style, features
easy to use, takes great pictures
Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
Good Quality Print
Easy to use
Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
Simplicity to operate
good picture, erase the bad photos
Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
My first love....uh, in digital cameras, that is!
Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
Simple to use, Good sound
Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
special rings for special numbers
Low price, ease of operation
Voice Dialing/Commands
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
Slim, sleek, classy look
great picture for the money
Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
A decent phone with some unique features!
Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
Easy, Quick
great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
zoom
tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
Cheap, lightweight
It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
No more films to be developed!!!
Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
Quick, easy to use camera.
Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
Very sleek design, external LCD display
Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
cheap,
Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
Text messaging,navi-roller, sliding cover, its a NOKIA
price
Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
Great quality, ease of use
good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
GREAT price, GREAT pictures
Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
None.
great value
Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
Great camera to learn more about photography.
seems to work fine, saves you $$
small, light, great reception, lots of features
Quality of Pictures, Quality  amp;amp; Feel of Camera
Professional quality for pennys
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Clear pictures, easy to use
Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
great quality
Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
Size, Style, features
Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash  amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
Multiple functions.
Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
High resolution screen.
Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
sun canopy attached to carseat, can use with or without carseat base
Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
At least you can read what it prints
Tough case and stable signals.
Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
Compact, nice zoom, sliding cover, and picture quality.
Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
Wonderful Printer
None.
small size, clarity
Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
Large memory, easy to dial
Color accuracy, sensitivity, price
Great Price and Value
Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
Good everyday digital camera
takes good images
cheap
style, interface
Great value compared to an HP Ink-Jet P2200.
Bright inside display; Lots of features
Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me.
A breeze to use, logical navigation, attractive
Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
many features
Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
Great Photos/Floppy Storage
small, excellent picture quality
Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
It looks cute.
User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
Great Design
Excellent sound, good list of features
Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
Small size, easy to download pics, quality
Nice, small camera.  Easy to use.
price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
Great Reception,Large color Display , Camera and construction
Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
drop in charger
Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
Size, features, coverage.
Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
Looks cool
little voices, box, ease
picture quality; ease of use
speed, quiet, print quality
Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
Quick, quiet and beautiful output
Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
Everything
High quality output, 6 cartridges, good amp;#13; amp;#10;software. amp;#9;
Lots of features, compact, decent picture quality
Fast black  amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
Small, Cheap, Durable
great pictures and LCD panel
High Quality printing
Very durable
Speakerphone, Cool Indiglo Screen, Voice Dialing, Web Access
High resolution, take 3 different media cards  amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
Excellent overall package  amp;amp; features!
Small size and easy to use.
Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality
Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
It was free!
Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
Everything
Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
Inexpensive, easy to use
Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
A fast digital copier and laser printer
Great battery life, loaded with features
Small sleek easy to use
Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
it was free
Love the pictures it takes!
GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
Tremendous performance, very accurate, high quality results
Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
Good price
excellent, uncomparable quality
Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
Excellent picture quality, great value, ability to control photography in manual mode.
You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
Easy to use, durable, quality photos
Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
Excellent feature set, easy to use.
Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
When it works, it's OK
Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
My Disgust
Ease of use, features, printed manual
Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
games, size, colors, basically everything
Reliable, rugged, easy to use
nice, sharp image, fast!
very light, and small
Stylish and full of features; convenient, small and user-friendly
Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
?
Excellent photo-print quality
Very small, great rings, nice blue light
Easy to use, rechargeable battery, movie mode, auto focus.
Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
Great Reception, anywhere.
Display, good camera, battery life
Features, size, accessories
Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
Nice styling.
Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
It is user friendly, nice colors
Price, Features, Nice Screen
perfect for printing pictures
Professional quality photos  amp; many, features in a compact camera.
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
Sharpness and advanced capabilities
Small size, mostly clear
Cheap, Easy to use.
compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
So easy to use it's scary
User Interface; color screen; blue keys
Small, Battery Life
none
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
Good battery life
small, enough features  #13; #10;
Small footprint
don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
Inexpensive, fast, great prints
clear, the range, the cost, the size
Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
easy install and cheeeeeep
high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
Color screen, small size, phone book
EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
100
design, options
Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
See Review Above
Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
great device
Fast setup great print quality
Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
Inexpensive. Great starter camera.  Uses AA batteries
Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
Price, picture quality, ease of use
Great consistent pictures (as long as there's light), movie feature.
Fun,Easy to use,Cheep,light,great pictures
1.3 megapixel resolution
Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
Keyboard, backlight.
High-Quality Print Output
Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
MP3 assignable ring tones, TransFlash memory
Nice software, very fast.
Excellent print quality for a low price
GSM and TDMA.
High resolution and optical zoom features
Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
nice printing quality
price, performance, bettery
Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
Small, cute, reliable
sturdy durable easy assemble
High Quality Color Prints
Size, Picture Quality, features  amp; beauty.
Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
Reliable, powerful, sweet
Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
Twin screen, small
Great price for a flatbed laser
Easy to use and set up with any program
Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
It's HP
Cheap, Works Great
money, time, results
digita scripting, very easy to use interface
Features, price, relative ease of use.
Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
All in one, easy to set up  amp; use, great print quality
great pictures
Excellent Image Quality
Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
Beautiful Optics, Nice Design, Cheap Media, Uncompressed TIFF Mode.
Easy and convenient to use
Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
Slim, Time your call, Vibrate   Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
$50 Rebate, Good Quality, Fast, True Color, Accurate, Came With 3 Software Titles
Lovely printing and scanning.
Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
Print Quality, reliable, good speed, paper handling, cheap ink available
small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
Reception, Menu, Memory, Organizer, Handsfree Port, Service light
good if you just want to put pictures on the internet.
Good prints and reasonably fast.
Nice size
Great features  amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
Have not really found any I could say
Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
Easy to use, High photo quality
zoom, features, picture quality
Cheap
Long battery life Reception OK
Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
Speed, price
Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features,  amp;#13; amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
The look and the Picture feature. THATS IT!!
Very simple use
zoom, size, ease of use
cheap, easy, fun
Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
Great Pictures
Size, metal case, Canon quality
Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
Colorful and Affordable
Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
Lots of features, small
Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
Inexpensive; prints in color
Initial cost is great
Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
Great picture quality even at low resolution
Very small, light, camera is built-in.
Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
New cup holders and easier to open
Great looking pictures
Incredibly sharp  amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold  amp; vivid colors
Very easy to use
Easy to use.
many convenient features
Megapixel at great price
Great size, good sound
Inexpensive digital camera
Good price, prints fast
Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
excellent value for the money
no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
well built, solid, flip style
Print quality, reliability, included software
Large color display, Great features
Size and easy of use
Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
Good pictures!
decent pictures, good to send on web
Easy to use and cost productive
Turns on a dime, storage...too much to list!
Fine quality photos for under $300
Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
Does every thing I wanted in a camera
Nice basic cell phone, with excellent reception and battery life
Photo quality, power consumption, features, value.
Cheap - Colors are Bright
Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
Great picture quality, easy to use and many features
good quality and inexpensive
Great price, easy to use
Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
EVERYTHING
nice size, nice color screen, good reception
Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
Too Many to List
Cheap
Price; size
Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
simple, takes clear pictures while moving
Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
IR port, vibrator, seems durable
small, light, great picture quality, great features.
Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
ease of use
Small,superb styling
Does normal text well
Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
cost, quality of photo, ease of use
Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
Inexpensive/Easy to use
Affordable  amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Flexibility with EF lenses.
Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
Great options for the money
camera phone   it was free,
Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
This is a great photo quality printer.
Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
Affordable, good quality printer
Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
Reliable, high quality, special effects
good quality
Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
GOOD VALUE
Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
Low price
Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
Convenient, profiles, good charger
All-in-1, thin, great speakerphone, 8 MB and color, OS 3.5.1
diskettes are cheap  amp;quot;digital film amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
Easy to use -Great Pictures -
Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
comes in different colors
Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
Excellent service, good print quality
color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
Easy, Instant Gratification, Nice Pictures
Wonderful picture quality.
Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash  amp;#13; amp;#10;
Camera.
Software bundle.
small, light, inexpensive
Low cost, okay print quality, small.
Nice, Fast,
Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
HP name, very nice print quality, both black and white and color, reasonably priced
Easy To Use
Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
Excellent print quality; easily set up.
3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
a  amp;quot;snap amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
quick printer, good quality
Solid hardware, good software
Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
Great printing quality
works sporadically
Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
Beautiful color
Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
Ease of use, features, battery life
small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
Excellent quality, fast, and reliable.  You have to get this printer!
Cheap good printer
Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
View screen, pocket-sized
Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
Excellent quality for a very low price. Very easy to set up.
Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
Just works... all functions work as advertised
Battery life, good pictures
Very fast printing, cheap price, good quality,separate ink cartridges.
Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
EASY to use, lightweight
Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
Tiny, powerful features
Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
Quick, Handy, Lightweight
Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
Looks neat.
Cheap
Fast, four separate ink cartridges, nice copying features
everything
Easy to setup and install
Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day night, tri-mode, good clarity
Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
Easy access to ink and paper trays
Fun, Easy to use
Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
Nice look and feel, long battery life
Easy to use
Absolutely everything about this camera
VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
Expensive features, low price
none
Portable size and great picture quality!
Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
Camera is very easy to learn and use.
Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode
Cheap, reliable
Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
Clean, fast entry level printer.
Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
Great Size/Great Storage
It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
Features, and Nextels service
great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
Easy to use, good daytime picture
small, light, small, light, small...
Great Pics
Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
FAST, quiet, sleek design
Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
Easy to use, high-quality photos
really good camera for both price  amp; size
16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
It produces descent pictures.
reception, size, camera, everything
Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
Ease of use (when working)
Affordable for a really nice camera
It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
Small, affordable.
Good features and sound clarity as long as you have a good signal.  VERY RUGGED!
Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size,
small, clear reception, many options
vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
Size, options, durability
Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
Easy to understand
great reception, light weight   small. Easy to use.
Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
Oh man...you want me to list them all?
DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
Easy to install and set up.
One unit into one , fast, and great product.
Worked, for about one year
Great pictures, easy to use
Great Phone
Cheap
speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
User friendly, convenient features
All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
There are way too many things that are good about this camera
Powerful images. User Friendly.
nice price, great programs, prints very good
size, ease of use
good battery life, very durable
Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
Great quality for under $100
When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
it looks great, slim and stylist!
construction,controls,light adjust.
Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
Inexpensive. amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to use. amp;#13; amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures. amp;#13; amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing. amp;#13; amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
Easy to use!!!
Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
Great print quality, speed, and reliability
Copies and Prints photos without a PC
Ease of use
Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
small and portable
Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
Size and Features
Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
Inexpensive.
carseat easy to manage
Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
Capable of taking truly great photos
Great print quality
Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
folds very small; very lightweight; seat back easily adjustable
Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
Beautiful picture quality
Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
great quality, ease of use
Cheap
Print quality, quiet operation, low price
five megapixels with P amp;S ease of use
easy to use, nice pictures, very portable
Small size, inexpensive
Being able to select the recording mode, different flash modes, self timer
High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
Small Size, Easy to Use
Most Compact  amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
easy to handle, lighted buttons
Stylish design, lightweight, cool features, AIM inside, has its own e-mail address
Too many to list
did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
Great Output
superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around.
Small, durable, easy functions.
Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
Easy to use, great quality
Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
Neat camera and video.
good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
Unbeatable output
high quality images, many options
Style and ease of use, when it works.
Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive ,
If you  know how, it will take beautiful pictures
Great color, great quality, great service
good design, easy to use
Great Voice Dialing, 2-way speaker phone excellent, affordable, slim   lightweight, nice size screen, Features+
Very affordable, easy to use
3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries
6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.
Great features for price
Nicely lit display, sturdy built
design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
B amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
Never a problem, small size
Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
Small, Rechargeable battery, optical  amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
Tri-Band Coverage
Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
No film
Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
Great, great quality printer
Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B amp;W copies.
Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish   sleek
Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
Amazing Printing Quality and Design
Cheap
Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
Affordable
Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
Virtually every feature.
Small, Lightweight, Free
Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
stylish, super long battery life, excellent menu UI
Great design and really sturdy for being so light. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Price, Quality, Storage capacity
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
Good Value
Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
very slim. nice design. big screen
Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.
THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
the best stroller for jogging and running, period.
SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
Great quality of print
Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
Top Quality, Speed, Software
Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
Durable, Great colors, fun features
Excellent Color Pictures comparable to the more expensive Epson 1280 model.
Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
zoom, price, image quality
Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Combination phone, looks great, large screen
Excellent quality, value,  amp; price. NOT loud.
Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
Truly outstanding print quality
3.5 floppy download convenience
Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible.
lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
Fantastic Color Output
High Speed, Great Color!!
Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
Cheap
Inexpensive, compact
Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Clean and quiet
Low cost
Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
Great Camera, Nearly everything included, nice pics
price, quality of printing
Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
Safety
Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
Easy to Use
durability and reliability
easy to use
Small, lots of features.
Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
Slim, light, great screen!
Cheap high performance
4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.
Menus are Easy to use
Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
Price,Quality  amp;amp; color
The New Millenium in Photography is here!
nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
Ink Cartridges LAST
Cheap, comfortable and compact
Fast printing, good quality printing
Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
Great Pictures for the Cost.
Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
Affordable and durable.
small, decent images, good construction quality
Extremely small  amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface  amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
Currently a good deal on a entry level digital camera
High Resolution
Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
Small, lightweight, portable
Camera, video, bluetooth
Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
ease, speed, reliability, quality
Great picture quality
cheap and easy
lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
sturdy, convenient
Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
Good reception, voice quality, and features.
great bargain, great printing!
Great sound quality, very little or no static, sleek design
Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
Phone size/shape/weight. Battery life
Price
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Small, lightweight, strong construction
the mp3 portion has decent sound
Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
Easy to use - great shots
Print quality is excellent, setup was easy
Great quality and even greater price!
Multifunction
Picture quality
Compact and inexpensive
Very simple to use and quite small for storage.  It's also really cheap!
color screen
Easy To Use/ Color/ Durable
High resolution, easy to use, great software.
small, many fine features available with great plans
Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
Excellent picture quality for $299. Multi-featured.
Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
Great photo output, no dots
Fold out keyboard, good display
easy to use
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Relatively light, better quality than expected for a 2mp camera
Somewhat quiet, affective
Good. Fast. Easy to use.
Decent photo printing, clear color and B amp;amp;W, good price
Fast, great print quality
durable, small, free
Take's Excellent Picture's
Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
Great photo prints
Low cost, Good Print quality
Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
Many features, good battery life, camera, speakerphone, Cheap
looks great, small
Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
Looks
Great little printer for lower end print jobs
quality output, silent
Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
wide variety of print types and papers
decent quality
Cool looking
sometimes makes calls
Value and Quality
Great compared with others like it.
Inexpensive
Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
Reliable
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
Good price, easy to use for beginners
USB, electronic features
3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood
Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
Great all around printer
Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
small , compact
10x zoom, uses 3.5 amp;quot; disc, easy to use
Small and easy to carry.
Good value for the money.
Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
Reliable, Stylish
Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
Near photo perfect print quality
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
speed, quality
Great Picture Quality, easy to use.
Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
Very stylish
cheap
Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
Easy to use feature loaded.
built like a tank.
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
Easy to use
Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
Small, easy to use, dependable.
twist body. great pics. tons of features. nikon.
Very Reliable! Easy to set up.
Features, Sound Quality
good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
--
Size, Durable, Ease of use
VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
Small in size, long battery life, it works
Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
Great picture quality, long battery life
Great options, very few drop calls
Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus ,
Cheap, Decent Quality
battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
Great Print Quality
price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
Nothing it did not work
Easy to use
Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
Everything
Very excellent printing and fast
It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
Cheap, cool ring tones
view finder, download to a computer,
Small, lightweight, and easy to use. Good battery life
Decent printing, cartridges last well
Tremendous flexibility  quality
USB, high res, large memory
Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
Outer display, ability to assign ringers   photos to callers, chic factor, keypad, voice-activation
made by HP,4-in-1
Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
Rugged
Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
Easy interface; great pictures; great Sony name; movie mode
Looks good and got a lot of fancy features and flashy looks.
Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Nada
Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
its a good camera
Ease of use, price
Picture Quality, Compact Size, and Ease-of-Use!
Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
great looking documents, easy to use scanner
Exceptionally easy to use.
instant gratification/excellent quality
Price, looks, clarity, features!
Ease of use, convenience of 3.5 amp;quot; disk, picture quality
Attractive, light, long battery life
thinking hard...
Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
Good phone, good calls, good camera, good features, has bluetooth.  Inexpensive.
Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
Bluetooth, colour, good support, too many features to list
Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
Great reception, Durable, slim, customizable
nice design, easy to use
Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
Feature rich, good reception, stylish
Contoured Design, Print Rate
Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
Great inexpensive laser printing.
quick, easy, small
Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
easy to use, great menu, color screen, nice look, speaker and flip phone
Very easy to use, prints great
easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
Has everything you need and more.
Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
Looks good
Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
Sleek design, portability, customizable in many ways (face-plate, ring-tones, etc.)
USB, Optical zoom, small size
So many cool options
10X zoom , feature-laden
Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing  #13; #10;
small and easy to use
Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
Good Output,individual color cartridges.
A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
Sexy design, Image, Video  amp; Sound capture, small
Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
simplicity
Easy and Great Quality Pictures
Great clear images, easy to use.
great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
Design was a nice idea
Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
Small, affordable
Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
EASE OF USE
Combines high quality photos with maximum portability
ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
Great colors,detail,ease of use  amp;amp; price
better than nothing at all
Easy install, great quality, HP durability
small size, great feature set, memory sticks
Loads of features.
Instantaneous response
Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.
Inexpensive, easy, good software
Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
Print and scan quality; integration
Very affordable with high image quality and features.
no antana
Feature-rich for the price
Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
New Look, color screen, and internet ready
good looking photos when they would print
Blazingly fast.
Affordable.  Good Quality.
Lightweight and compact
Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
High quality
Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
Easy To Use  amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
Compact, easy to use, great on-screen photos.
Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
Same features as the V60c at a fraction of the cost
Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
interchangeable faces to match decor
Everything you want in a phone, pda and wireless information appliance
No-nonsense solid little phone.
easy use, quiet
Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
inexpensive, and multiple benefits
It is so lightweight and easy to use.
Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
Great image quality for such a little guy. Very Rugged!
Cheap, Light As A Cloud
Easy to use, quality pictures, has remote control, USB connection is fast.
Great Printer
small and metal amp;#13; amp;#10;small and metal amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;hey, did I mention small and metal ?
Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
Small, compact, good quality
light, cheap, macro shots,
Very cheap
Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
Great picture quality, nice look and features
Cant think of one
Excellent battery life, color screen, and strong reception signals.
print quality, color
Cheap.
good quality printing
It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
Color screen, powerful, visually appealing.
Ease of Use, Uses 4 AA batteries, Wise Angle mode , Stitch software,
Great price, HP reliability
Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
good price, simple to use
Many features for a lower price
simple, gets the job done, disk drive format handy
lightweight, simple
Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
Extremely Small, quick, super easy to use
fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
awesome display, loud ring tones
Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
Small, fast, good quality print job, from HP.
Durablity, quality of photos, easy to use.
Takes pictures in all types of lighting
Adequate reception, good entry level phone
Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
good quality, good price
Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
Easy to use, great picture quality
Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial  amp; FUNC button
LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
Small size, UI, Features, battery life
Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
Inexpensive, easy to use.
Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink.
fast and good and cheap
none
I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
Good price, All-in-one machine, High resolution, 1-year Warranty, Made by Xerox, color copier
Has bluetooth capability.
Nice fabric and canopy. Very durable
super convenient
Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
sexy design, eye catching
Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
fast, quiet and great quality print
Great picture quality
Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer.
good quality copies  amp;amp; prints, does all I need
Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
Auto and manual Focus, super clear pictures, fast cycle times, excellent red eye reduction.
Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
Wonderful close-ups
floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
Inexpensive, good quality sound
Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
Easy to use, great photo quality
size, speed, noise
Easy to use, good interface amp;#13; amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal amp;#13; amp;#10;
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Great size. Wonderful pictures
Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
full featured, well integrated
USB, amazing quality for its low cost
Super easy to set up, cartridges last longer than comparable models, good quality
Size
Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
Compact and lightweight
Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
light good reception
Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization amp;#13; amp;#10;
Durability, ease of use.
This camera has an automatic viewer so you can delete unwanted/bad pictures.
Lite weight, color-screen
Ease of use, price.
Very good color. Rich black text printing
Low original price
Good image quality, good set of features
Great voice recognition, speakerphone,   functionality.
It has the feature you would expect.
Email photos. Nicely organized contacts. Small.
Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
pretty display, nice colors, cheap
Good starter camera, low price
Price, downloadable ringtones, text messages and email
see the review
Good print quality
Non functional and cheap
Changeable faceplates, lightweight, custom callergroups and ringtones, excellent reception!
great price
Easy to set up, good quality prints
Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
Fast printing, and great quality.
Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
Light, Sexy
Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
price, 2.1 Mpixels, movies, USB port, internal memory,
great photos
Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
Great Quality shots--flash works well in low light
good quality, not too expensive
Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
Small Size
NICE, Best TFT Screen,(amazing). The Best ring tones.Features.Sprint PCS, A Beautiful Phone
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
lightweight and easy to use
Fast, great color, super software interface!
simple operation, great price, superb image quality
Cheap, decent quality pictures for casual use. Easy to use. 1.8" LCD display
Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
good price, good pics, small
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
vibrate, Face Plates, web access
Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
great printer, excellent results
Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
Low, low price, easy setup
Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
Neat design
Easy to use, Great detail  amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
Looks great, light weight, great battery, small, tons of cool features.
Low Price
Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
Great pictures at a great price
Size, Reception, Bluetooth, ifrared, photo   video, voice recognition, organizer.
Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
Great printer, scanner and fax
user-friendly
Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.
Pretty good... good brand.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
Inexpensive printer
photo quality printing on photo paper
white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
Priced right for a beginner.
Feature rich
Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
The Perfect phone
Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
Great color and photo printouts for the price
Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
Small, stylish, tons of features
Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger  amp; included rechargable battery.
Looks nice and very helpful
Easy to use!
Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
prints without jamming
nice battery life, sleek, light
Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
Easy to use.
One device for PDA and phone.
Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
Car seat fits on the stroller
Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
Photo quality, ease of use, USB  amp; lens cap leash
good light weight printer
Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
Internal antenna, multi-network function
small, lightweight, good pictures
Ease  of Use
Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
Nice camera and other various upgrades.
Low price for a kids starter camera
Good user-interface; nice appearance; pocket-sized.
Nice
size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
Small, dual displays, good feature set, metal case, worldwide compatibility.
Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
none
Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
nice print quality
speed, color quality
Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
Well built and thought out.
SIZE!!!
good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
great picture
easy to operate, good pictures
Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
lightweight, dependable, and very durable
six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
Battery life, easy to use, calculator
Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
Feature-rich, highest quality photo prints, easy to setup
Very sharp, professional looking print outs
Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
low maintenance cost
Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception   Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
nice printing, high quality
High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
sharp images, many features, lower cost
Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
Very sexy package, great sharp text
Sleek
Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
features ,Quality,Price,look,easy use....
Good Camera, Good Price
not too many
easy installation, works first time
affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
Super quality print of photos and text!
Perfect images, Simple to use.
awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
Great battery life, easy to use, many features
Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
Size, easy folding, price
Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
Easy to use, Great pictures
Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much
Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
High quality, well designed, small and light, easily fitting in the palm of your hand
Storage Space,  Resolution
Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
lightweight, affordable
Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
Great and light weight
Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
great item
I love the phone book and many features on the phone
Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
compact reliable
Easy to use
Fair size, good looking
camera phone   it was free,
easy to use, quality projects
cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
durable, easy to use
reliable brand, affordable, good quality, look below
Good if you are rich
price, resolution, zoom
Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
Great looking photos. Relatively fast. No paper jams.
Gets a signal where most phones can't.
small, good battery life, good resolution
Worked well initially
Cheap maintenance and toner, inexpensive buy-in, very hardy and fast
ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
Floppy storage great convenience
Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
It's easy to carry around, doesn't need to be charged for days, and most importantly makes you look cool
easy to set up
Sleek Phone, Color Screen
Cushy, classy, comfortable
Size, features.  Has the items I want in a phone
durable, small. clarity
Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
Video Capabilities, Reversible Camera Lens, Large Color Screens, Great Audio.
Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
Light
Excellent size, speed and features
cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
Small, good pictures, default options work well
affordable
came with free software
Compact size
Appearance/Features
rugged
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Many features, Large LCD display
none
supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
instant, easy playback/email, great zoom
Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
Very good quality, strong, good looking
External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
detail; price
Refer to this epinion.
Great enlarged shots
Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
Compact style, reliable, all-in-one
Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
Affordable and great graphics printing
Easy to break down
Its Color
Lightweight stroller that easily folds for compact storage
Handy, fun, durable and easy.
Compact size, ease of use, features
Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
Easy to use and import pictures
Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
Lightweight and strong amp;#13; amp;#10;Folds up small amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to use carry handle amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to fold up
lightweight, convenient, attractive #9; #9;
Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
A fast, high quality printer
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
Lightweight, games, Tones
compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
Different covers, shock proof, good clear sound
No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
lt;i gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output lt;/i gt;
Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
Inexpensive, 6-Color System
Speed and features.
It's lightweight..that's all!
Lots of features, nice blue/silver combo, great reception, awesome battery life.
Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
Decent pictures
Good looks, low cost, and good features
Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
Beautiful pictures
Small, lightweight
Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
Lightweight and easy to use
The reception is always clear. From the most remote places!
easy to use, great quality
Plethora of Features - Excellent Quality - Beyond Excellent Images
QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
It prints.
cute design  amp;amp; obvious controls
glass lens, superior color and resolution
Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one
very easy to use
loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
All Round Good Printer
Outer LCD screen, good reception, sturdy casing, tri-mode.
Cheap, Affordable, Fast
Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
High quality pictures, easy to use
If you take a lot of shots, some will be exposed properly and maybe sharp.
Easy to use.
Awesome low noise / smooth images; great battery life; reasonably fast operation (except startup)
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
everything!!
good, cheap fast printer
Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
Fast, small, affordable
Great quality, easy to use, good price
small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B amp;W mode only)
small, handy, decent quality pics
Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
great camera
It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
Easy to use, great picture quality
Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
lightweight   small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
None
Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
Easy to hold and operate
Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Small and light; very easy to use. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
Great for the price. Easy to use.
Easy set up and use.
Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
Fast, Great Quality
picture quality, features, size
Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
Ease of use
Great traveling stroller, good for city use, hold up well over time
Excellent picture quality, easy to use
New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing   a Stronger Signal
Small and lightweight, and still durable.
convenience, quality, excellent zoom
good quality and reliable
Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
Lightweight, Good Call Quality, Good Price, fairly rugged
Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
WAP browser, small, polyphonics
Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
Small, inexpensive, multiple use
attractive phone,nice camera
Aesthetics, Gadgets
cheap, functions good
Tons of features, wireless internet.
Great print quality for a lower priced printer
Functions,style
Takes very clear, crisp photos
Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
Lightweight  amp;amp; Easy to Close
37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
Great pictures
Fast, excellent print quality.
Very Cheap
All-n-one functionality
Built to last, great reception
It works!
print quality, ease of use
Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
Outstanding Quality
It comes in a variety of colors
Clarity, size, and design!
Nice wood touch-Many Rings
Convenient size
ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
price, print quality
Beautiful print quality, when new.
Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
Prints photos beautifully!
Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
Excellent color printing, versatile
Floppy disk storage
Cost,
Small. USB connector with craddle base amp;#13; amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
fast, powerful, easy to install
design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
Easy to use, great pictures
Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
fast, cheap, small
all of the above
great pixels, easy to use
generous amount of ink at cheap price.
quality of pictures, durability
Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
Truly a workhorse for small office.
Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
Still looking for some.
Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
good print quality
excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
It does everything!
Great pictures, easy to use, good price
Compact, easy to use, great pictures
easy to use , lightweight
Reception, Lite charger,
Small, InfaRed compatible
Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
Affordable
Cheap price, software is easy to use
Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
Size, weight, features, reception.
Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
Great inexpensive digital camera
Very light, good LCD Screen, Small, NIKON!, Lots of Features, Lithuim-Ion Battery Inlcuded
Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
Great durability
Convenient size and configuration; easy setup and install.
Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
cheap
Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
Does great black  amp;amp; white prints
Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
Small, Cheap, Fun
Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
Color screen, size, decent battery power.
Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
Stylish, compact folding stroller
sweet little phone - wow how technology keeps improving!
Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
software is pretty good
Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
good reception and options
Great Quality Photos, easy to use, comfortable in hand,lots of options!
formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
read below
cheap
Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
blue backlight and multiparty
Great quality with lots of features
It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
very easy to use
features and price
clamshell design, small size, durable construction, good ergonomics, efficient menus, good performance
Value for money.
The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
Small, Great Features
Small, user-friendly, efficient
Light weight.
4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
Quick Easy Installation, 99% of hardware included, Name Brand, double sided printing, 10 pages a minute in color, and 12  pages a minute in black, Great Software
1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
Price, Set-up, Quality
Was fun to play with at first!
large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
All the manual features needed and more
Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
cheap camera
lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
Pretty to look at, a dream phone for the first month or so.
Many options, good reception, lightweight.
Price - Quality -Ease of use
Great,  Cheap
10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
They are portable
Quality, Speed
Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
fairly easy to use
Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
camera is easy to use
Excellent, reliable, economical printing
Near perfect print
Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
great for preschoolers
The best value out there!!
Picture quality;ease of use; features; viewing options; accurate colors
Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
easy to use, decent picture quality
Very small, portable
Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
nice design, maneuvers well
Small and elegant.  Very good reception even in buildings.
Almost everything.
Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
Clear, good-quality print jobs
*Superb Image Quality amp;#13; amp;#10;*Easy to Use amp;#13; amp;#10;*Quality, Materials amp;#13; amp;#10;*Bright LCD amp;#13; amp;#10;*Strong Battery
Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
Takes great pictures  amp;amp; is easy to use
Great software, excellent print quality
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
Large capacity microdrive
Price, durability, quality.
Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable,
Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
Fun, completely customizable, works great!
Great low light shots
It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
Large Phone # memory. Simple Dialing.
4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
Size, weight, features, customizability
Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
Very good quality, Easy to set up
Great picture quality for the price.
Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
A great, cheap little printer.
Cheap
Awesome print quality at a fast speed
Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
Great output, Quiet
great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
Durable, easy to use, some good features
Lightweight, High Resolution  amp;amp; Short Movies
Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
Small, compact
High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
price of printer
Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
very low cost, good looking, small size
Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride
photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
See Review
Fast printing, photo like quality
Price, Ease of Use
Size, Quality, Looks, Price, Battery.
Price
rich feature; easy to use
very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
Comfy, sturdy, wears well
Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
Admirable quality photo reproduction
bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
Everything!
Small design, standard batteries, optical zoom, excellent color and detail.
Full Manual or Point amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability,
Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
you become more involved with the picture making process
Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
Just plain COOL
Good for text
Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
uses CD, adequate battery life
floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
instant pictures, fast, reliable
light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
Very Low Price, yet has needed features
Price
ease of use, compact size, price
11 x 17 print format
See above.
Very good price online (had a fantastic rebate too).
Good durable camera
Duplex attachment: great way to save paper.
Easy to use, variety of options
Small, nice features, good quality
compact, easy to use, high quality prints
Full auto features, Macro capability
Amazing picture quality, Great previews on TV, Excellent support from Canon
Nice features
Overall a nice, easy to use printer
Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
Inexpensive, Fast downloads, great macro shots.
Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
Excellent quality, Cool viewing moniter
Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
See Review Above
6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight
Quality of print, ease of use
lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
Swivel view finder
Great camera for the price.
Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
5 pages per minute in black amp;#13; amp;#10;and 2 in color
easy to use, great photo quality, nice-sized screen, can make short videos, not too expensive
Nice camera
Good crisp black and white and great color.  Speed is very good.
Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
Simple, clean, auto-power features a plus, individual ink cartridges
Price, photo quality, ease of use.
Easy to use, great first digital camera
Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
easy to use/affordable
Great print quality, low price
Smooth ride/big wheels.  Convenient.  Can install a second base in another car to make sharing the car seat between 2 cars easy to install.
MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
Capacity - Ease of Use
5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
Great pics,ease of use,Good price
Small, Good Signal
Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
Size, resolution
Very easy to use, great quality photos
great images
sleek model easy fit in tight area
Quality Printing Every Time
All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
Lightweight, huge array of features
Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
Ease of use, No computer ports used,
Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
It comes in black!
Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
Small, long battery life, stylish
stylish, strong marketing
little camera, big power
Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
Easy to use, lightweight, great quality
Everything you would expect from a cell phone.
Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
all in one, small footprint
Great picture quality! Double sided printing
Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime,
Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
Cheap recording media - 3.5 amp;quot; floppy disks
Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket
Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
Nice support personnel at Epson.
Sturdy, optical zoom
great features, ease of use, maximum picture storage
Good price, good pictures.
Great pictures and easy to operate
Motorola durability, signal strength
One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
Quality, Style
Very inexpensive
Very good voice clarity
Attractive, good size, good battery, very durable.
Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
Value priced for Features
Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
Attractive printer, easy to use.
Laser quality text, low ink costs and reliability
Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
See Review Above
Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
compact
price , ease to use print quality
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
Beautiful, easy to compact
Cheap and small
recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons   menus
Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
Multi-functional, easy to operate
ITS A NOKIA
Value  amp; Resolution are great!!! Loaded with features.
It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
Good value and good features.
Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
Cheap, Easy to use
Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
No Extras to Buy, Very Flexible, High Quality Images, Good Software
Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
Good print quality. Scanning software.
Small, light and easy progamming
Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
slim, voice recognition, affordable
Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
Great games, great features
Speed, print quality, reliability
Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
Separate/inexpensive ink cartridges, fast black output, compact size, support.
Floppy storage, incredible zoom, view finder
Great Pictures! Great battery life.
Way too many to list here, read my review.
Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash
Rugged, but neat, good value for money
Compact
Easy to use; good photos for the price.
lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
Utter reliability. Virtually  lt;i gt;never lt;/i gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
smaller than other double strollers.
Features, size, print quality, quiet
Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
Very fast, nice photo quality.
For its price it prints okay
Functional (Vibrate   high mode, etc.)
Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
Great screen and features
Excellent feature-set, great image quality,  amp;#147;out of the box amp;#148; usability amp;#13; amp;#10;
Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
great photo quality, fast download via USB
Small,lots of features
phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
Radio, messaging options...
Cost, print quality, reliability
Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
Less need to use telephone air time
Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
Fast, high quality printing
size, battery, internet
Many features.
Easy set up, decent speed, prints quietly
Astounding image quality
Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
Small, sexy, ergonomically wonderful, great pictures
Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon,
Product has great software and picture quality.
Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
Beautiful images
wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
Inexpensive compared to some
Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
Sexy, stylish and small
All technical features.
It is a capable picture taking camera.
uses a lot of ink, nozzle clogs a little slow
good resolution, compact size, easy to use
Good form factor, display bright and clear,
Many features for the price and easy to use.
Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
Handle switches front to back.
excellent color matching, excellent photo printing, sharp line edges, dark printing, nifty operating program
good printer, IS-22 compatable
Voice Clarity, Features, Price
Incredible value, black text print quality.
Inexpensive Photo Quality
Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
great price for home users. excellent quality
Quick printing at good quality
It was pretty good while it worked.
American made, price, customer service
Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
Great features for the price.
value
excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
Everything
Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
Great color, Individual ink tanks
Great paper handling, AMAZING photo quality, cheap printer and carts
Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
great design, user-friendly
Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
DIGITAL
Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
Good looks, Very light.
cheap and small, color faxing
cheap
Slim, various features
2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
looks cool
Picture Quality
Outstanding
cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Nothing ventured, everything gained
Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
Fast, quiet, easy to use, not too expensive
Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
Prints very quickly
Small, swivel lens.
Speed, Color, Everything
Great talk time, Excellent reception.
Great zoom, good colors
sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
Lightweight, compact size, stylish
Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
Price, Separate ink cartridges
Fun design, great features
Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
Low price, easy to use. Quality pictures.
Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
Great printing and great price
quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
Size, durablity, tons of features!
Resolution and speed.
Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
Works like a camera, great color
Size, Sonics, Appearance, Phone book configuration, Vibrating alert, Speaker phone
simple to use, clear screen
Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
Low cost,  nice output on various media.
Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
Small, many functions
Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
Amazing print quality
Great for photos, easy to use
Value for money and range of functions
Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
Great quality not too expensive
low price, good picture quality, LCD display
Good reception
Nice looking, nice fabric
Shutter Response, Excellent Image Quality
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
Very good for the price
Easy, fast image transfer to PC or printer
Takes good pictures
None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
Great Battery
easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier
Speaker phone is nice safety feature
This things flies!  Flawless text!
That you can return it!!
Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
Low cost, ink doesn't run when wet
no pros at all.
Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
nice features
Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
up close, point and shoot capabilities
Nice features
Ergonomic, compact, easy to use, multipurpose, good sound, good microphone pick up
reliable, won't break
It was free.  Even street price is cheap
Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
Good software, price.
Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
Looks great, easy to use, many features
Cheap
Resolution, usage, aesthetics
Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
Great quality images easy to learn and use
1200x1200 resolution
good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
Small, many many features
Amazing Quality and Fast
All the features in a compact case!
Large phonebook, alarm
The Nokia 5300 is a slide phone that automatically locks  by itself.
Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
Good Color
Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures.
great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
Small, compact and lightweight!
4.1pix, battery, manual settings, accessories, black, ergonomics
Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
2MP camera with flash, mp3 player,   3d java games.
Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
Price, durability,warranty,features
Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
Resolution, ease of use
bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
Like the 8260 but with better call quality
fast, standalone, powerful
excellent clear sound
nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
The diskette , convenient, and many features.
Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
Good software and technical assistance
Lightweight, easy to conceal.
great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
easy to use
Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver
Metal housing, triband
Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
Faster than other models
good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
small, discreet belt clip, lots of memory
Looks very nice and idea of all-in-one is excellent.
Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
None
value, quality, easy installation
3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
Floppy discs
GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
Great battery life, durability
Durable, good size, long battery life.
Blazing fast, sharp images
Excellent picture quality
Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
great features
cool pictures
Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
Price
Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
Runs good (when it works)
MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
Nikon name, form factor.
overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
solid construction, battery life, image quality
attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
Big easy to operate buttons
cheap, simple, good software package
Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
Weatherproof, takes excellent pictures. The take anywhere camera
Card reader,good copies.
Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
Small; Nice bright screen; Reliable; Good reception
easy to navigate, quality construction
Easy To Use, only $270
A decent phone with some unique features!
Easy to use, good quality, cost.
An incredible value!
cheep
Just A Great Camera
Good reception
A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
Easy to use, versatile, small
Generally good reception, Internet works on most sites
Easy SMSing and design.
Otherwise, a decent phone.
Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
Easy to transport, good overall quality
infant car seat attaches easily
high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
Superb Print Quality, does good on CAD work as well
This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up  amp;amp; use
Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
Easy to use, with good quality prints.
Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
Small, lightweight, features
The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
great print quality
Reliable, Good Phone
Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
everything
Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
Print quality, speed, not really expensive
Display, ruggedness
prints quietly and fast
cheap and small, color faxing
Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
Good quality photos
Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
Easy to use, takes great pictures, battery life not too bad
Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
Laden with useful features, good performance
$20 phone and it very easy to use
Ease of use, good pictures outdoors.
small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable.
It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
Poor troubleshooting help.
the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
great pics
Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
It does everything
Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
Lots of features, hours of fun
Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Easy-to-use, good value
Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
FM radio, nice backlit screen
Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing,
If you use the walky talky feature...its free
Cheap
Clear Shots
Point and Shoot
Good audio quality, battery life, keypad - Photo/Video/Internet, 2 screens, large memory, advanced configuration possible.
reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles
Excellent reception and battery life
Compact
easy to use, good quality
Very easy to use.  Good quality for casual picture taking.
small, lightweight, lots of features
Good Quality Printing
3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
Great Camera, and Great quality
I can't think of one
tetris  amp; solataire
Compact size, upright style.  Easy replacement of carts.  Works w/different paper types.
Great camera at a great price
Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
inexpensive and excellant photo quality
Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
Reliable Printer, Great Quality
Stability, Features, Reliability
Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
Comfy and functional
Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
It came free with the service
EVERYTHING ELSE
Instant pictures that look great
Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
Flatbed scanner, copy, fax, fast printing, Matches my Dell Computer
Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
Overall good quality pictures
EVERYTHING
Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
endless fun for the spy mentality
Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
nice fashion for  the new year
Small, light, tons of features, sounds great
Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
Good battery life
Speed, versatility, networking
What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
Cool looks and screen, lots of features
very small, cool toy
Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
Print quality is OK
Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Ease of use, great bundled software
full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.
Very Compact, excellent picture quality, extended movie time over S200
Great reception - great color
Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
9ppm, 1200x1200DPI, USB, Accu-Feed
Easy to Use - Many Functions
cutting edge design (no pun)
Cheap initial cost; easy set-up; good driver; works well; bang for the buck factor.
little
Battery life, Picture quality
Solid feel, easy operation
Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
Size, that's about it.
Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
easy to use
Nokia 8310
Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
Small and easy to use...great picture taker
Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
Good speaker volume.
Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
low cost, high features, fun
Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
gt;Nice size
long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!!
Easy to use feature loaded.
stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
quality photos, stored on diskette
quality of images, range of options
Small, light, flexible settings
uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
Everything!
Outstanding product
Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
Compact, external LCD
Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
Easy to use
lightweight, peek through window
Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
can pull in a signal where others can't.
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
good quality
Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.
Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
So easy to use.  I love this thing.
Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
Affordable.  Good print quality.
Tons of features for the $$$
Lightning fast, great resolution, networkable
Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC  amp;amp; Mac
Low Cost, Easy to Use Macro Mode, Simple Menus
Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
Takes little space. Prints fast!
Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options amp;#9;
price, user-friendly, compact, picture quality
Top notch quality
Good, solid basic inkjet printer
fast, quiet, good quality
Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
Fun to play with, bells and whistles
Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
Size, weight, adjustable display, ease of holster use, 3G enabled.
Maneuverability, Lightweight
Looks neat, Polyphonic Ring Tones
Cheap
Easy to use and not very expensive!
The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
small size, 3+ megapixels, easy to use, AA batteries, price, performance
A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
Large screen, good reception
Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
Great Options and Price
Cute, cheap, good battery life
easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children
small size, memory capabilities, features
Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
Good battery and nice display
Great print quality
BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
easy to use, durable, fun
small, great picture quality, movie mode.
good quality pictures, compact design
Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
large format
Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
good voice control
Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy to use
Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
great color
great pictures, compact, stylish
large storage compasity
looks great, sounds great
Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
Excellent print and graphics.
Features, Talk time
Value, Quality, Design
Cheap. Good Layout.
light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
Easy to use, durable, reliable.
battery life, download speed
Small profile  amp;amp; long lasting battery power
good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
easy
Size, 4Mp, easy to use features, fast on time, fast shutter response
changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
price, picture quality, reliable
Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
easy to use, small size, great picture quality
Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
take up less space than a regular double stroller
Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
Inexpensive, Supposed "Dual" capabilities, ability to display pics on TV with included cable, extras included.
More goodies than other umbrella strollers
Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
Small good digital outdoor shots
High quality pictures
Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
good print quality, easy to use, low cost
great quality, easy to use
hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries.
Size, ease of use, memory and battery change speed, picture quality.
Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
storage medium, battery life, ease of use
Great quality and speed
Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
Supurb color
Too many to list here
Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
A good value
To good to be true.
variety of options, quality is superb.
Scans and copies well.  Low price.
Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
Instant viewing
call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
good pictures
Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
easy installation, good printing, great price
Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
FUN!
Looks awesome, small, light.
Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
Speed, great outdoor pictures.
Great image quality,  small lightweight design,
Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures.
Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
sharp, clear photographs
Prints very clean copy!
Low price, outstanding print quality
Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
inexpensive, compact, easy to use
Small, great features, easy to use
Great signal, durable, compact
Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
It's easy to use
good for its time
Lightweight and nice design
Sweet color changing face and the size
Looks, easy to use, durability
Small size, battery life, sound quality
Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
Worked good on old Win98 PC
Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
Price
Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
small size
good color
Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
fun and functional
Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
Great quality printing
fast and quiet
Feature rich
Small,compact
Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer,
Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
Good Quality for Price
Price.
gets the basic job done,performs many funtions
Durable stainless construction
speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support
Small, sleek
All you need in one unit
Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.
pda power without excessive geekiness
Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
small, good  quality, cheap
Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
Great quality, robust, reliable
Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
Takes great pictures, easy to use.
small, good quality color  amp;amp;b amp;amp;w prints
Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
excellent printer!
Can't think of any
At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
dependable, stylish, small
A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
Super features, good sounding audio, web access
5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
VAD Feature is COOL
Very Clear Precise Printing
easy navigation  color display external display ,size
Fast printing, decent text output
I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more
Excellent print quality especially for the price.
good sound quality,reception,nice design,ultra stylish,small.
Cheap, Quiet, Small
Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
The best Phone Out there so far!
Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced.
Excellent camera for the price
It was free...that's all.
Small, lightweight
Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
Stylish, inexpensive, polyphonic ring tones, color screen, good reception,light and small, good features
User-friendly, very good output
Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
Very fast. laser quality printing and faxing
Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
Small, sleek style, polyphonic ring tones
Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
Simple, and easy to use
Quick printing, ease of setup and use
Low price.
I love the quality of this camera.
Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
Size, price, voice dialing
Simple to use, records images on floppies.
Economically Priced
Fax works great.
Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
mega pixel mega pixel!!!
Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
Compact, Easy to use, Canon
cost, picture quality
quick and well done printing
good quality, fairly quiet
Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
workhorse
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
Everything you need, all in one place.
High quality and easy to use.
Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
Fast, good quality, and affordable.
feature packed;simple;quality output;price
Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
Small, Good Build Quality
Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use.
Good Price
Great low price. Good print quality
2.3 megapixels, low price
Small, Colour Screen, Bluetooth, Global GSM, Voice Enabled everything!
High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
None
Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
Nice, easy to use camera
Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
small, compact, durable, simplicity of user interface
Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker,   lightweight!
small size, easy to use, great features
When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
Great Output
Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
No additional hard/software needed
Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
See review
Cheap.  Blue backlight.
Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
many
Olympus Quality, Small frame.
all-in-one functions, cartridges interchangeable with most other Canon inkjets
Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
Fast, quiet, incredible prints
excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
LCD screen, Clik! drive, navigation nob, easy software
ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
Good print quality
Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
Great color and speed at a great price
Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints.
Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
Excellent image quality and great low light performance
Loads of features, e-mail, voice clarity, display
Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
Heaps of Features :)
New operating system is awesome.
Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
sleek looking, slide rotator
low cost, good results, dependable
Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
It's unbelievably fast, quiet and simple to set up.
Takes good pictures
Rugged Body
Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
All in one solution *  #13; #10;Impress your friends!
inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
love every bit of the stroller
Great printing for a multifunction.  Card reader. Photocopying. Photo software
Good quality in general
Great images, easy use, long battery life
$275, Compact, Fun
its digatal
External display
reliable product
Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
Easy to handle, no flip front!
Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
features, picture quality
So easy to use from Point and Shoot to Uploading!
quick black printing
cool gadgets and good reliability
Very compact and light
Battery, Ergonomics
Lightweight, compact, good features.
Great text quality
its cool and cute
True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
size, ease of use, price
Great Product
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
no jams, quality
Great display and fun features
Excellent features, compact, very user-friendly
Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
Good Print Quality for the money
User Friendly
easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
It Is A Digital Camera
Easy to use, low price, good quality images
Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
2-way radio, speakerphone, instant silent mode
4 seprate ink tanks
Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
Output, speed, scanner  amp; fax functions, versatility
The storage media
Excellent black text output
Lightweight, neon blue screen, long battery life, sturdy antenna
Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
Great picture quality that is very simple to use with my other HP products
Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
Great display, great contact management software
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
price, clarity, features
Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
durable, easy to use
Great feature set.
Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
Fast, Good print quality.
It's cheap.
voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
Easy to use and inexpensive
Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
Prints outstanding photos
reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
Inexpensive unit, good resolution
excellent clarity
Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
Great printer; great rebate!
Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
great when printing in black ink;  great deals on cartridges if you look around
Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
Compact, Trendy, Functional
Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
compact, good pictures, looks like the popular  amp;quot;Elph amp;quot;
Nice screen
sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
Ease of Operation, Design
Tiny, USB, relatively cheap
Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video,
Size, construction, feature set.
Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
can add photos, music and much more!!
Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
Easy to operate.
Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
Pretty blue case, thin and light
Excellent print quality
Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716 #13; #10;
Very good quality prints
I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
good price for a camera with zoom
Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
Cheap
Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
Ease of setup and operation, software
great resolution photos, easy to use
Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
crystal clear pictures
Small, sleek design
Shoot to your heart's content, Great Battery life, Excellent quality lens
Reliable, nice backlit keyboard, bluetooth support
Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
Light weight, VERY LOUD RINGER/SPEAKER, Small in size (good for pockets), plenty of storage space.
Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
Light, Easy to Use, Great Quality
A very nice camera using advance technology.
Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
Quick print-time! Rich colors!
Cheap original price
User-friendly, Excellent Quality Photos
amp;quot;Killer-App amp;quot; Floppy Drive Storage; great viewfinder; intuitive menus; Sony quality
Small,Good Battery life
Speedy printing, photo quality
Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
It does put out printed materials
Clarity - Size - Battery Life
Quality Pictures
Great Quality Photos
Great tool for beginners
Small size, headphone included, infrared, vibrating mode.
Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
It was free with my Gateway computer.
crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
print quality
Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
easy to use, high quality images
Good price, prints fast
Small, lightweight, easy to use
PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
great feel, quick response, DON'T need nikon capture to open RAW files
It only fails when I turn it on.
Almost everything
FLEXIBILITY
Slim line, very easy to use and very attractive
battery life, color display, clarity
Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
Durable, Speakerphone   Great Quality
Good quality pictures, includes features like video out (nice for slide-shows) and ac power.
compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
Small, easy to use, reasonable price
Rock solid, great output, features, size.
worked well for one year
very clear printing
Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use   customize, flight mode
Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
Quality and an mpeg recorder
Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
Simple to use, with most all the features of the more expensive brands.
Quality, ease of use, zoom
Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
Big improvements made over previous models
Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
Clear signal, light weight and reasonably small
Great reception!
Great sound...great usability...great battery
Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
Nice looking, small, light
compact and lightweight
Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
small size, good for family shots
great text and photo printing
my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
easy to plug in...
great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
Super small size, easy to use, practical
Lightweight, small, long talk time and standby time
absolute top quality photos
Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
Fast draft, very high resolution colour
Good Price, Many features
Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
Easy to use and understand functions
3x optical zoom, many camera features
Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
Ease Of Use
Great for printing paragraphs or letters
It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
tiny, sturdy, sharp looking
very convenient, great price
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
compact, lightweight, features
An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
size, style, variety of features.
Simple to use, performs basic functions easily, portable, perfect for certain uses
Price, functionality, camera.
Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
lightweight, sturdy, easy to push, options for older child
Lightweight
Low cost, high quality and FAST!
Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
compact...clarity...
Takes very sharp pictures
Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
It's a travel system for two!!
lightweight, ergonomic, great picture quality, uses smart-media memory card
Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
Good printing capability
Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
memory price -- uses diskettes
Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
Prints out pictures well.
Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
Color, AIM, Good Reception
Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
easy to use and install, cheap price
Light, folds up small!
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
great zoom
This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
Good picture quality, inexpensive
Perfect pictures, easy to use
Easy to use
Cheap, it was very affordable
On paper, this could be a great stroller.
Three-in-one inexpensive machine
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
Size, Speakerphone, Quality
size, weight, reception, functions, tetris   solitaire
lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
Ease of use, no assembly required, price
Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
Good quality prints, reasonably priced
Great value at just under $100
pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
Reliable, great quality output
good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
Stylish, small and compact, customizable
Color Screen, Price
very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
Disks are easier then film, ability to delete bad pics,
Individual ink tanks
All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
very clear picture, easy to use
Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
neat technology
Fast, excellent quality and affordable.
Great machine at a good price.
Size, flip feature
Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
Great printer. Good photo quality, great scanner, copier, and printer.
5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
good photos, ease of usage
Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
color  amp;amp; black cartridges, good price
Speed, colors, size, batteries
Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
Small, Attractive and Stylish
Cheap and easy
3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
Cheap, stunning prints, usb  amp; parallel connections
Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
Long battery life.
Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
Speaker phone
ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
Small, light weight, lots of features.
Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
Stylish, light, feature packed, huge screen
An easy-to-operate multifunction office machine that Faxes, Prints, Scans, and Copies.
Very reputable brand name
Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
Compact, large screen, inexpensive
cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
Excellent print quality
Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
cheap, easy to use
Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone   PDA
Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
Tight integration between Palm and phone
Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web   email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
Cheap, Light
Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
$80
easy to use, Epson quality  amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
Excellent print , scan and copy quality
Solidly built phone- great clear reception
Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
Everything!
high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
Size, quality, flexibility
great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD.
easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
avi
You will think you are producing photos
Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying
Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
Price, ease of use
large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
Small Size, BIG Capabilities
fun and easy
Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
Ease of use, cost
3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Compact phone with basic essentials on display of front flip cover
4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
Kokak DC215
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
Cost vs performance
Single ink cartridge technology!
Just a great little all round  phone.
Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
great resolution, user friendly, full minute video clips.
Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
affordable, compact
great photo quality, easy for beginners
fantastic phone for little money
High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
Small, light, easy to use, simple
Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
Strong phone, good sound
rechargeable battery, compact size, optical/digital zoom, high resolution.
uses the 3.5 inch floppy disk as storage device, affordable price, rugged design,onscreen battery meter
10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
Many
Paper weight
Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
See above
Nice appearance, easy to use key pad and monitor
Easy user inerface. Bluetooth. Camera.
small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
Sturdy, easy to use, safe
Long battery life.
Tri-band support allows you to use the phone in Europe, Asia, and the USA
Smooth Printing
Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
Don't Hesitate
User friendly
Quality and price
Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
Size and style and battery life.
light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
affordable and great for the beginner
Great pictures
Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
Quick, high quality output
Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
compact, easy directions, all around great
cheap
Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
easy to use
Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound  amp;#13; amp;#10;
lots of features, good reception   battery, good design
Output is great
Easy to use, sharp detailed images
Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
Good size, lots of features, easy to use
simple, high quality photos, versatile
There are no pros for this device
Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Cheap Printer
Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
easy use, super quality
Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
very user-friendly
durability and comfort
Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
Easy to use, affordable.
Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
Speaker phone, voice quality, Intuitive operation
Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products amp;#13; amp;#10;
Fairly Decent converged PDA/Phone
It's a phone
Small size, attractive design
Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
Very good overall
easy to use, compatible with flash memory cards
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Excellent speaker phone,voice ringer,ringers
Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
Price
Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Price, quality print  amp;amp; speed
Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
quality of photos, size , optical zoom,ease of use , price
Small, light and generally user friendly.
Excellent output, great price
Inexpensive, small
calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
Low price, high resolution, durable, Toshiba name, pocket siz
Quality of the print, features, resolution, speed.
Size!, three megapixels, 3X optical zoom, some manual features, WOW factor, more!
Great design, compact, nice cost.
small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
Price seemed good when I bought it.
*color Screen
Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
small size, cool look, headset
SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
quality, speed
Slim, good display, full featured to the max
Excellent quality, Ease of Use
Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
Ease of Use
Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
Easy to use
Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
Incredibly small, nice featured
Great price, print quality
Speed, Noise
Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
It is fast and accurate.
GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
Nice idea
Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
I wouldn't be without this printer
Appearance
Easy to use, small
great long lasting printer
cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
feature rich
Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
small, light, packed with features
Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
nice looking and that is it!
light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
Some good package deals out there
Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
I cannot think of any.
Inexpensive, high resolution, 4 cartridge system saves money, fast printer, high quality
Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
Great Pictures, great battery, easy to recharge, user friendly program, can be carried anywhere.
Well built, ease-of-operation, internet, battery life, 2way radio, speakerphone, can use w/flap closed, low radiation
Affordable, easy to use
Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
ease of use; fast copying and faxing; low ink usage
Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
Not too Expensive
Build in lens cover, affordable price,
Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
none
Sturdy, good reception, decent size.
Full featured and lighweight
Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
Small size, flip design, voice-activated dialing
Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options.
A LOT
See above
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
Easy to use, great sound, free   a rebate
Pictures do print out very nice
Laser quality @ non-laser price!
looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
Compact,durable,
Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
speaker phone, voice mail, great reception, 2-way radio, flip-up speaker that allows phone to become full size, long-lasting battery, and very portable
Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
A very solid phone with great looks #13; #10;Easy to use
none
Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
Great pictures both indoor  amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
great camera
Full feature/function packed phone
Photo quality, features
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Cheap, good quality prints
None
Rugged, simple (no camera).
Print quality, printing speed
Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
none
high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
great sound,great camera, great game support.
quality image, compact size
Easy, great price, great features
Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
can pull in a signal where others can't.
inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
great images, SLR-type features
Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
Great features
Sturdy, speakerphone
multiple functions
Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
Clear black text; nice graphics and photo printouts; solid construction and 150-sheet paper tray.
Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
Great quality enlargements.
Printing, Copying
works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
compact
Seems like the ultimate solution
A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
Quality, attractive
Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
Smooth ride, easy folding
size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
Very user friendly
lightweight, better reception, small, new features
reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
Lots of features, price
Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
Easy to use, great pictures
Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
Size, and Weight, Profiles
Low maintenance, low price, reliable
All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
picture quality, ease of use
Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
PRICED RIGHT
Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
Low Price, ease of use
Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
Price, ease of use, clarity of print
Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
compact and easy to use
small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
Works fine when new
great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
Too many to list... the G3 almost makes the G2 look bad!
Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
Small size, Battery life, Color screen
Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, ,
High Quality Photo Printer.
Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
Small, cheap, some decent pix
Great pictures, Best expansion Capabilities, Easy to use
great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
Ease of use. amp;#13; amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black. amp;#13; amp;#10;Quite.
Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
Nice looking phone
Beautiful picture perfect printing using Epson glossy photo paper.
Great for email, short videos  amp; conference calling
Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures.
Voice Dialing, Size, WAP Browser, Sim Card
Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
GREAT PRINTS, VERY QUIET
Active Color
JPG file, up to 122 pics per 8 M byte card
Compact, feature filled, outstanding digital clarity with webcam functionality.
Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range  amp; high-quality color
Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
See above
radio
two cartridge used at once
no hassle rebate - good web site - quality printer
Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
Size, Price, Weight, Options
Tiny, Voice-activated, quality microphone, world phone
QWERTY keyboard, easy access to SMS, email, WAP (internet), speaker phone is fantastic
Small footprint, print quality
Ease of use, Big LCD screen
Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
Good digital sound quality and battery life
Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
good reception and clarity
mp3 player/camera in one!!
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Its small and compact with great features.
light weight
Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
Thin,light,great features
Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
This phone is very reliable and the voice features are fun to play with.
Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
Every feature you want.
stylish, small, tons of feature
Nice design-easy to hold
Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
Good Printer
Innovative, voice dialing, internet
Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
I can talk clear, calls do not fade
Excellent reception; loaded with features.
fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
No more film, easy to use.
Small, quick, easy to use.
Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
Looks great, small
Good RF Performance.
overall great printer
Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode amp;#13; amp;#10;
Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
Intuitive menus and phone book, good battery life, cool timers.
Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
Uses standard 3.5 amp;quot; floppy
Incredibly small. LCD is very sharp.
Well it does work as advertised except for the lockups.
battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
Cost, Size, interface
Mac/Windows Autoswitch
light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
Price, Size, Weight
Superior quality
Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small  amp; light.
Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
Attractive, easy to use, great value
Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
Easy to use, compact
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
The best Vision phone available to date!
Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
reliable, straight paper path, irDA
Just about everything on this phone
good picture quality, low price, ease of use
Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
you can always make it look different
New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
Small, easy to use
Beautiful images, fast, natural picture taking. Bright viewfinder. Awesome battery life.
Quick, quiet, easy to install
High Quality, speed, controllability
Cheap.
Fast, quality, price
Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
Looks like the pictures should be nice
Easy to use, versatile, great pictures, 5 second video -  lt;i gt;Need I say more? lt;/i gt;
Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
durability, speed, compatability
Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
Nice graphic
Decent Reception, Size
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Price, Quality, Reliability
Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
Great features, good battery life.
Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
Flip style, voice activation
lightweight, easy to fold
Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
Does a good job printing
Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
absolutly none
BIG storage, easy fold up
Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
Cheap and Small
Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
Worldwide GSM, #13; #10;Ultracompact size,  #13; #10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem  #13; #10;
Great Picture Quality, compact
Long battery life, size.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
No monthly contracts
Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
Very productive printer. QUIET!
While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
Ease of use
Great Color Quality, quiet and very easy to use.
cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
Great Value
Price, small size, metal case, Brand Name, optical zoom.
digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
Excellent performance, longevity
Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
Some nice features, good image quality
Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
Price, voice dialing, reception
Great picture quality for a good price
Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
Easy to use
Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
Nothing
User Friendly
Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
good price, good resolution, easy to use
Tiny size. Goes anywhere
So easy to use; great picture quality
easy to use, light weight.
easy to use, lots of pictures, great for your snapshots!
Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
Affordable performance.  Easy installation.  Bang-for-buck.
Packed with features and takes great pictures!
Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
Quiet, black and white printing very fast
THE camera for the active lifestyle.
Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
Dual-band, built-in speakerphone, feature-packed
Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
Text print speed, nice color prints for  amp;lt;$200
faster and just as good
Wonderful Quaility
Easy compact and never need another roll of film
Manual and Stitch Assist Mode, Excellent Image Quality and Noise Reduction, Great Software Bundle
A Great Camera
small, light, OK for occasional printouts
Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
- SMS communication
Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Excellent quality, extremely fast speeds
battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
Lens, ease of use, accessories, great pictures even at  amp;quot;basic setting amp;quot;,
as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law   Order
Small easy to navigate phone
Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
wonderful in every way
Size, Software, Convenience
large letter display
Nice if you have kids around the same age
Quick printer that is compact
Wonderful photographs
cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
price, auto focus, and other various features
excellent picture quality, great price
Camera with 640x480 resolution
small, compact convenient
Good prints, convenient to travel with, reliable quality.
Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
Easy to use, Good pictures
Excellent Close up images.
Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
Great Menu useabilty/ user friendly settings and controls. obviously "real world" beta tested
Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
Nice print quality, quiet and quick
everything
Easy to use and good quality prints.
Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
excellent pictures for a 640
Versatile and somewhat cheaper.
great camera highly recommend to all. easy  to use,awesome pictures
Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
Many features.
none
Accurate color, Crisp definition
floppy disk image storage system; cost
Although an oldie but very reliable.
Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
Polyphonic ringtones
The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
great picture quality
Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
Can produce some very clear work
Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
Great reception and wonderful display
easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
User friendly
SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
Ink Pouches
Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
Cool features.
The only stroller you will ever need!
GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
none
easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
this phone is all that and more!it does everything i need it to do
3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
Inexpensive, easy to install.
Performance for the price
Easy to use, Good price
cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
Performs as advertised
Easy to use.
Two words: Manual Mode.
Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
The software package has some good editing capabilities.
Easy to use, great zoom
Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
Inexpensive.  Easy to operate.
Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price,
Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
everything about it after you upgrade
Price and Weight
Fits hand nicely, takes excellent pix.
Easy to use
excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
Great features, convenient size
Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
works, not for a long time
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
You cannot break this phone. Period.
good value, nice price, works good,
Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
Inexpensive and easy to operate
Small and lightweight
It has tons of great features.  You can even choose to make your picture black/white.
Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
Best optical zoom available, floppy media
good camera, lots of features, cute
Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
Very portable, space saving, quality printing, ease of use.
Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
Compact, easy to use
Great graphics printing
standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
Has lasted well for four years without service
user friendly, many uses, cost
cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
Very nice print quality. doublesided printing is also nice!
Long battery life, can be cradled on shoulder
TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
Resolution, 20mb memory included
Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
Extremely easy to use and a very good price
Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
Easy to use and learn, nice features for a great price.
Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
Fast, very good plain paper photo printing
It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
Attractive, multi function phone
Good Zoom, easy to handle, tons of options.
Small, attractive, great phone book
Price
10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
ease of use
Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
Excellent photo output, USB
small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
Small, easy to use, great price.
size, quick startup, 3MP
Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
Great for baby and toddler
affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
Small size, light weight, clear reception.
Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
Wide range of features included
Easy to fold
none
Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
Very cheap, fairly good resolution
Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
Mac  amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
Multiple functions that takes up less desktop space.
Average camera
large and clear LCD screen, very compact, takes MPEG movies, easy to use
quik digital pictures
printer will last much longer
fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
Excellent printing and copying quality.
Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
Excellent features, two way radio, small and light weight.
cheap initial
Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
Small compact
The phone was practically free.
Great printing.
Quiet, fast, looks nice
reliable and very easy to use
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Inexpensive price and ink tanks
Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
Inexpensive, easy to use
Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
Astonishing image quality, intuitive controls, range of features, small and compact
Convenient,affordable,
Customization.
print quality, price, versatility
Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
folds up small{10 inches wide!},light{7.7lbs}sturdy,several patterns
tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
Nice size and weight, good selection of features, value
Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
Good price for good quality
Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
Fast, sharp and clear graphics
Ease of Use, Great Flash  amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
Great looking pictures.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
optical zoom
Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
Sturdy; Great Looking; User Friendly; Basic Features Done Well
sleek, small, durable
Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
Holds up to ALOT!
SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
easy to use, good picture quality
Ease of use, easy to understand
Light, no external antenna
Cheap price
Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
Simple setup, easy to use
Great size and great display.
Very good quality output for the price
Compact, flexible, light.
Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
Easy to install,inexpensive,great quality came with a cartridge, you can't go wrong.
Looks VERY cool, prints fast, OSX compatible, inexpensive
Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
Cheap
Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
good quality for the price
Great signal, durable, compact
Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
A lot of printer for the money.
Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
Can be used for mac,  amp; pc.
all-in-one device, size, color screen
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
compact, very sharp, accurate color
Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
Looks nice I guess
Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
Image Quality
Great software, great picture quality
small, good features
Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
Lightweight, nice design, clear display
Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
Power full Camera!
Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
Fantastic quality pictures
Image Quality, compact design, speed, features
light, easy to use, inexpensive,
VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable. #9; #9; #9; #9; #9; #9; #9; #9;
Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
Price
Value, functional, excellent color quality.
Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
Good image quality, small
Great clarity, good feel too phone
good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
Lets me do what ever I want to it.
Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
features
3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
text and image quality
great quality and speed, good consumable value
Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
Cheap and high quality
does all the phone functions adequately
Small
5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
Easy transfer of photos.
Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
Great clarity, vivid color, many options
Good print quality and speed for home use.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Very easy to use
8x optical zoom, memory stick slot, advanced features.
Easy to use and clear reception
Braggers Rights Special: Makes the most expensive unimpressive photo prints!
Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use.
Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
can direct connect easily, tough
Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
Flexability, HP reliability
I works for home use
Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
good looks, battery life, call quality, bluetooth.
Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
great pics at affordable price
SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture)
Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
great for kids and small printer jobs
Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
Easy to use, bright sharp LCD screen, very sharp pictures.
Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
Price, photo quality, macro mode
rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
Quality, Features, Price
Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
Affordable, good quality
lots of features
Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions #13; #10;
Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
Fast, fairly low cost
quality product - affordable price
Price, quality of photos
free walky-talky system
vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
Many options for picture manipulation, expansion slot for 64MB card, preview shot on LCD screen
Simplicity itself for use
Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
Easy to use
Size, price and quality.
light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
Inexpensive; multi-function.
Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
Great Value! Good Quality Printing
GREAT COLOR PICTURES
I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
image stabilization, CD medium
Small size, good features, customizable look
Very small, Good picture quality
Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
Ease of setup, use.
small, light, amber screen
Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
A lot of features for a small price tag.
Lots of great features. Easy to use.
A great phone.
Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
light weight, pocket size, easy to use
Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life
Good features - camera, radio
Decent picture quality
having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
High quality output.  Relatively fast.
Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
Lots of great features
Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
use floppy disks
Great quality photos!
Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
Cheap, works well for a single user
Speed and Color Printing
size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
Compact and nice quality for the price
Print quality was nice for home printing with color
Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
quick, quiet and cute
Highly versatile and powerful.
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
Fast, great resolution, no feed/jam problems
camera, small, appears durable
Cheap amp;#13; amp;#10;Quality Printing
Can print pretty good pictures
Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
Small size, decent output
Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
Excellent printing quality, great for digital cameras
price, versatility
Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
Lightweight, Sturdy, Fits just about anywhere, Replaceable Face Plate
Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
Price, quality of work
Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
Nice design. Printer, scanner, copier in one. Fast and reliable.
Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing.
Small, upright, simple to use
Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
cheap
Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
Versitility
bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
Design, Features, High Quality
Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
price
Easy to use, diskette storage is simple
Great printer for a great price
Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
Crisp, clear copies
Nice form factor, big color screen
As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
Good pictures
Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
AIM, T9, thin, lightweight, small, versatile, powerful, fantastic battery life, ring composer
Cheap amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to Use
cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
It's cheap
Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
Small, Durable, Bright Display, Excellent Picture Quality, Easy to use, Overall very cool!
Great,affordable digital camera. Easy to use.
useful, several machines in one, no problems
Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
Inexpensive,  reliable
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
really easy to use, offers many, many features
Good Print quality, fast
Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
Fast color print and great quality
mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
Weight/Shape Balanced. Superior LCD. Usable ( not junk ) Features. Versatile Connectivity.
Style
Attractive Cosmetic Look
Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
good resolution, reliable company
Good prints and probably better archival
Good reception, bluetooth.
Immediate pictures
nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
Easy to use, sturdy, bluetooth rocks!
Size, look, durability and direct connect.
The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
CD Media gives maximum storage at a minimum price. Lots of options.
lightweight
Sound, feel, weight, screen
monitor, features, lens
Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
Great price, good quality output, just works.
good pic quality  amp;amp; price
Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance. amp;#160; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
Compact, direct connect is nice.
Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
Output, quality, features, quiet
Easy to use
Store Images on Floppys
Battery life, durability, sound quality
Warranty, good price, fast
easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
clear printing and great colors!
Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly
It's cheap and it looks nice.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
fast, reliable, inexpensive
Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups,   size.
Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software,
Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
Looks good, reliable
Great Shots, Good Battery Life, Digital
small, somewhat quiet
Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate,
Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
easy to use
Nice Camera
Good for the home users, entry-level unit, inexpensive.
Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
zoom lens; stores images on floppies
It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
Ease of use, great photos
Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
Beautiful design quality.
Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
ITs Free
Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
Great quality text and Graphics
Size, voice
Great speed and price
Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
Looks great, compact, loud rings, many options without being confusing
Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
You get what you paid for.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Ease of use and quality
Ton of Features. Nice look.
Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
Good reception, bluetooth.
Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
Speed, quiet, print and build quality.
Over all a great camera
Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
allows photo printout from the MFC
Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
Excellent features and physical layout.
rechargeable battery, zoom lens
Basic mobile phone features.  The phone was free from Sprint.
Small, lightweight
handy,  and easy to use
Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
good voice quality, relatively light  amp; compact
Size, style, voice dialing.
Reception, reception, reception!!!
Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
Great color, long lasting toner
good sound, small size
Good camera body amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
Smaller, Inexpensive, Easy to use
quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
Quality, Features
Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
New 3X Nikkor Zoom,  amp;#147;Point amp;#146;n amp;#146;Shoot amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode amp;#13; amp;#10;
size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
Price, functions
Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
Good perform
price
Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
speed is OK
Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
Thin
Looks spectacular.  Can fit large storage card in it.  Can use own images for display.
Quality, price, ease of use, speed
Battery life, usability, sound
meets a unique need of families
Small, great sound, many features
MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
Great phone, durable, speaker phone
1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
Image quality, size, menu system
Easy to Use, Easy to Set Up
price value style
Sony quality - most bang for your buck
Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
light, small, great pictures, great zoom
Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
Nice small size amp;#13; amp;#10;Excellent image quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Good battery life
Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
it is a light wieght phone with many options
Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
Great Device
stylish, many functions, small
Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
Very easy to use, not too bulky.
Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
good color
Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
2 Megapixel
Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
Sharp pictures; easy short movies
More features than I expected.
Small and nice features
Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
Neat camera and video.
Multi-function convenience
Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
Slim, light, adequate features
Everything!
Ease of use, price, picture resolution
Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail  email addresses
Great pictures
Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
Blackjack game
Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
Ease of use
Good Price
Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically.
Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
low price, fast printing, great photo quality
Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
Low-price printer with readily available accessories
Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
prints great pictures
clarity, resolution, zoom power
Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
Very tiny, amazing call quality
Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
Can be obtained for Free
Quality and quiet
Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
Inexpensive
High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
floppy drive
Inexpensive printer
Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
not too expensive, clear  amp;amp; sharp printing
5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
specs are good
Fast, Versatile and Economical
Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made
uses floppy disk, easy to use
Size, Durability, Photo Quality
3-in-1
Easy to use, small, decent quality.
one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
My Sony P51 Cyber-Shot worked great while it worked!
A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
Nice looking, bells and whistles.
Excellent reception.
Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs!
Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
Features galore, USB, CD and RCA cable viewing of photos, great battery time
Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
Best pictures ever taken..
Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
low cost, easy to use
Space saving design
Compact, great pictures, value
Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
Cheap. Good Print-outs
Very versatile
Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III amp;#133;
Most widely recommended model by far
Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price. #13; #10;
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
Fantastic Output
FAST!
walkie talkie service
ease of use
highest quality, easy to use, good design
GREAT signal reception, small   sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
low price, quiet, color quality great
print speed, photo reproduction
size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
Sturdy, well built
Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
Low cost and light weight
price, quality, warranty
It's Hewlett Packard
More styling then 5160,  amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use,   more!
PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
Nice starter, low price.
Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
Quality printing
high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
speaker phone, large screen, clarity, long battery life, voice commands, FM radio feature
very nice pictures low price
Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
Portability can't be beat
Great screen, movies with sound, fantastic quality.
1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
Very easy to use
Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast  amp; clear.
Inexpensive, great text quality.
good price, quiet, effective
easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
Good quality for the Price
Too many see review
Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
picture quality, ease of use
midi rings, color display, bright screen
Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
Nice bright flash, easy to use, great color balance,
This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
Solid standard phone features
Inexpensive
Easy to learn and use
Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy.
Relatively cheap
image quality, speed, features, compactflash
Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
Great camera for just about anyone.
Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
high resolution, zoom, USB connection
Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
Sound quality.
size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
easy
Great shots right out of the box
Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
It is a great Phone
easy to use
IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
Great picture quality - Low priced!
High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
Fast lens, fast startup time.
Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
Great color pictures
Battery life, build quality, small size
I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
Compact  amp; well specified for the money
Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
Print Quality
Games, screen, tones, looks
Coolest looking phone on earth
USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
Swivel lense, Nikon quality, Cost effective over long run
Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
Cheap amp;#13; amp;#10;Record Short Videos
Has adequate features for the price
new features
Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
good price,nice pictures
Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
price-easy to use-quality of picture
Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
Price, image clarity, ease of use
Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
Quality lens, metering, flash options, size, weight, configuration options, USB
No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
Ease of use, durability, price compared to other 3mpx cameras
Price and lasts long
ease of use
small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
PDA, Email and phone convergence
World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
All Metal body, Small and lightweight. amp;#13; amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
Easy to use
lens, video mode, design, image quality
Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Cheap
Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
Size, quality, and great pictures
Boatload of features, great image quality
Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
Simple  amp;amp; easy to use!
Size, powerful features
good looking, large information reserves volume
Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
Takes high quality pics, compact
Multi-functional, easy to use
Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children
small, light, lots of features
Looks kind of cool
Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
small, high resolution, easy to transfer
Cost
Easy to use, great pictures, great size
Outstanding print quality and speed.
Unbeatable value
Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
Great quality of print
Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
A ton of different features, as advanced a phone as you will find
Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
Inexpensive
small size, ease of use
Up to date technology, great features
Weather-Proof. Durable. Easy to use.  Big Camera.
great results, easy to learn
Easy to use, No cable connections needed
Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
Best resolution below $3000
Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
Price
low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
Excellent all around product
Calendar with PC connectivity!
Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
Internal 8mb memory. amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of use. amp;#13; amp;#10;compact
many capabilities
Lots of storage space amp;#13; amp;#10;Cup Holders amp;#13; amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
High Quality Printing, Good Price
fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
Image quality, and LCD, minor manual controls, and quality optics on the cheap.
Excellent printing for this price.
Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
It's faster than the one I replaced.
THE Honda civic of cell phones!
high resolution, high zoom
Utility, features
Relatively fast printing, Quiet, Nice Conservative Styling, Ink Tanks
Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
Price and a name you can trust
Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
I loved all 3 I had in the first year
Voice Dialing
FAST PRINTING
good price, reliable, ease of installation
price
Cool gadgets
Easy to use
Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
Great Value, Lots of features
Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
Good text printing
Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
Versatility
Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
Small size, good pictures. MP3 Player
inexpensive, 3 year warranty
GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
Picture quality, ease of use
Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen
Good picture quality
MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
Stores images on regular floppy disk, Sony Reliability
sturdy, back footrest
A great looking, feature filled phone.
Image Quality, 3X Optical Zoom, Design, Low Battery Usage, USB Connection
3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
Great colors and definition.
Relatively fast for a inkjet printer! amp;#13; amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available. amp;#13; amp;#10;
beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
ease of use
excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
Great battery life. Really low noise.
Low price
Good images, convenient
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
whisper mode feature, caller id in flip with customizable colors
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
Dependable, quite, size and quality.
Small
Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
Cheap price and refills
Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
inexpensive, easy to fold, has 2 positions, cute print
light weight, lots of features
Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
Small size, very easy to use
Saves You $$$$$$$
zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
Large screen, clear reception
Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal) #13; #10;$10 w/activation fee
Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity.
Fantastic Features
Looks, comfort for baby, name
everything about this camera is incredible!
Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
Easy to use
Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
TONS of features, incredible picture quality, good battery life
Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
Narrow enough to fit through doors
back loading, easy to use, ink meter
Excellent quality and reasonably priced
Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB  amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
Price, Optical Zoom, Memory
Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
Size, looks
Small, easy to use
Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
Size and portability, reception
Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
Good quality
great camera for the money
Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
Great interface, many features, easy learning curve.
Strong, small, lightweight and versatile.
Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
Stylish Flip Phone and Design, Integrated Speakerphone, Integrated Camera, Nice Applications
Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
small size,brilliant screen,excellent ringers
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Compact and Lightweight
Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
Direct Connect
great image quality, low price
Small, lightweight, battery life
Good quality
optical zoom, integrated flash
Listed in review
Small, light, compact
Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
Great quality, good price, good brand name!
It works
Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
Small, lightweight, awesome color screen and many features
Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
The reception is OK.
sturdy design, easy to use
Features, Size, Styling, Reception
None
Small, feature enhanced, new edge phone that scores cool points.
Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
Very comfy, lightweight and easy to steer!
Very small   light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
lightweight, small, great for travel
Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
small size
made with the professional in mind amp;#13; amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
Small, lightweight.
Light weight, Loaded with features, One touch dialing, Long battery life
Ummm...
Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
Thin, Light, Big Screen.
Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
Fast, High quality
Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
lots of features
Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
cheap, nice style, works well
Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
Everything
ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
Good quality images,very reasonable price. Compact, light weight, easy to use. Good quality optics.
Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
price, photo quality, built in memory
Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
Light  amp; solid. Easy  amp; straight-forward to use. Crisp LCD viewfinder, fast bootup/shutdown
Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery.
Excellent  photos and features for the price
Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality.
Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
Quality of prints
small phone, inexpensive
The best looking phone out there.
High resolution, macro mode, MPEG movie format, swivel lens
Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
easy to use, great quality, fast
Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
A solidly built  great little printer.
Fast and Clear Printing
So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing.
Himm...? Not sure!
Great signal, durable, compact
Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software,
Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
small size, fast start up, metal casing
Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
Nice print quality
Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
Does well with Matte paper, prints fast, excellent text as well
Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
Great reception, Long battery life, Photo   video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
Great pictures (lab quality), great price
Cheap ($99.99) Fast  amp; Easy (just like I like them)
compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say
you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
Inexpensive and quiet
Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
lightweight
Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
High quality images
Great soft ware!
small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
Easy to use, Fun
Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
Size
Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
Great photo printing!!
*Sleek design
Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
Sturdy, easy to steer  amp; clean, trendy, light
versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
fun to use
large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
Size, changeable faceplates, bright display.
wonderful pictures
Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
Great quality professional looking printing
Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
Fast, Precise, High Quality
Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists,
Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
- Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
Durable, tough, easy to use
small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
picture quality, zoom
Price/Performance
Price, quality, speed
Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
Cheap, works
Price is only pro I can think of
Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
NOT ONE
Simple, good quality
Easy, functional, great print quality
Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
Takes wonderfull pictures
Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
good color, small compact size, simple to use
Inexpensive, easy to use
Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
Zoom, clarity, special functions
Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
Incredible image resolution quality, great optics and features.
Cheap
Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
Perfect Pictures Every Time
Excellent image quality, great versatility, wireless remote, movie mode, full control camera
size, price
This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
loads fast, easy USB picture transfer, good battery life, nice pictures
great pictures
Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
Image quality, Body design, CompactFlash media, Movie Mode with Sound, Battery Life, Optional lenses
EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
Tremendous picture quality, ease of use
High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
ease of use, features
Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
great photo quality
Size, ease of use, very good reception.
Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
Makes a good paperweight
Great picture quality, easy to use.
Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
Its small, sleek, and gorgeous!
Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
ABOVE
Price, Features, Resolution
Nationwide use.
Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
clear colored printing; quiet printing
Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
Not many
Software, reception, features, display image quality
easy to use, plug and play
Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
light weight, speakerphone, data support
Good Software feature
Quality and ease of use for anyone
Twistable case, crisp image
-Small
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Fast  amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
it's an HP
Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
it has lexmark technology
Total zoom, simple interface
small, nice blue backlight, various features
4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
simple to use
Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
true USB connection
cute, light weight, simple to use
Great interface
Basic well functioned phone for....  $7.00! Yes $7.00
A great choice for people who just want a phone.
Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
Inexpensive for the novice
Camera/Video.
Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
easy to use
Great for distance.  Able to save or delete pictures.
Good battery life
Easy to use
Speakerphone, Indiglo
Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
Durable, standard features, walkie-talkie, color
Great quality when it works right
compact, cute, long battery life, price.
Sleek metal case, very compact, outstanding sound and reception
Great small size, easy to use.
Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
Color screen, outstanding battery life, lightweight, low profile
Great photo quality prints
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
It's color and easy internet WAP access
Handi and nice to have
Cheap price and good quality.
good reception, plenty of features
light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
Size
Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
User friendly, great quality, compact size
Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
Great features
Image quality, light weight, functionality
Great lens, excellant quality
Excellent craftsmanship, easy to use, brilliant pictures, fast USB, expandable
Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
small, easy to use
reception, durability, price, SIZE
compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
signal, battery, wallpaper, design
Great features and specifications for price.
Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
Small, good value, point  amp;amp; shoot
Great form factor; perfect blend of features
Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
Easy to use software and menus.
Great Quality for the price
Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
seats two and steers easily
Pocket size camera, light weight,durable, simple to use, contains various features and possiblities
Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
Small size
Excellent color quality and photo detail.
WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
Quality, price, ease of operation.
thin, sexy, excellent service
Takes Excellent pictures.
Adequate for the money
Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly,
Fun  amp; funky little camera, awesome extra features
easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
Price to quality ratio
Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
Compact size and extremely easy to use.
easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
size, ease of use,
Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
size and cost
Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
bought factory re-furbished, excellent quality pictures
Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics
Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
Futuristic look.  Attract attention.  Nice features.  The best out there.
Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options
Phone
Great print quality. Easy to use.
Very small and good print quality
1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
Durability, dependability, cost
Screen, battery, sounds,
Price  amp; Quality!
low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
Good looking, user-friendly menu, lots of features, good fast-charging battery.
fast, quality, price
inexpensive
Compact design. Simple  amp;#147;Scene Mode amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.
Ease of use, Affordability
Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
Great deal on a very sharp phone!
light weight, very compact
Fantastic photo printing when using premium glossy paper. Reliable machine.
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
Cheap, easy to use
none really.... I think its a 'status' thing for parents to buy one of these
Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
Light weight, durable, basic phone
Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
Lightweight,  great pictures
It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
yes
Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution
small, light, new features, and very cool looking
Easy Turning
Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
Battery Life, Signal Strength, Spacing of Buttons, Sound Quality
clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
0
Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
robust, intuitive
Fast, clear/crisp documents
Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
price, features
classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
It was small
Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
Awesome form factor-- shape, weight, colored faceplates
good sized, fairly quiet
Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
good print quality
Great Product, Support
3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
Don't know
See Review Above
Price, printed images
Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Sleek, slim design and blueooth
Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
Simple, user friendly,prints with good color, and cheap or in my case free.
An excellent printer for the money
Great phone book,Great Reception,Size, #13; #10;Voicedialing,Battery life
Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
User Friendly in all aspects
Size, weight, coolness
Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
low price, great optics, ease of use, compatability
great printer, quality
Small, Attractive, Long Battery Life
Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
The radio works wonders for me, The best feature I think is it's navigation system.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
Good customer service
Fast image processor
Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
style, quality, easy set up
Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
size, battery life, blue screen
Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
Easy, cheap, fun
Cheap
excellent quality photos
Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
Quality
Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
Very inexspensive
Many, many features.
Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
Good battery life; ease of use
Great Text  amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
Nice zoom function, good battery life
Lightweight amp;#13; amp;#10;Good value amp;#13; amp;#10;Ultra fun
Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
Lots of features
AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
Not a one.
Quite small.  Good color for pictures
Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
Great for downloading to our computer.
Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
small  amp; light
Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
Convenient (Semi)Photo-Quality Output, Low Priced Printer and Consumables
Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
decent printer
Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
price and quality
I don't like them
Small, light and slick
USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
Super quality pictures and normal print
small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
very small, great features for the price
Good print quality
lots of features for a small price, #13; #10;good size,
Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
Perfect mobile for young people
Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
Price (free with contract), sound quality, features, customization available
Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
cheap purchase price, low cost ink
Great Print Quality
Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
Great basic digital camera
Compact and stylish.
Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
none for mac
CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
Good construction, stylish, great color screen.
Web accessable
Good voice quality, nice firmware features, small profile, good battery life.
Quiet, USB
very roomy, long lasting
cheap, easy to use and install
ease of use, quality of photos
Very bright backlight, very stylish
High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
Takes Beautiful Pictures
High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
Build quality, value
Too many to list
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
Easy to use, sturdy
Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
Ease of use  amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
S110 which replaces the S100. amp;#13; amp;#10;New Feature:  Movie Mode with Audio. amp;#13; amp;#10;Long battery life. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Easy to use
WOW!Great quality pictures!
Everything
Easy to use - fun at first
fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
many features, looks fancy
Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
Lightweight, great 007 impersonations
Great Color.  Great Price
Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR.
It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
Size, Screen, Bluetooth
Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
Easy Installation, Fast
Very easy to use, good quality pictures
Looks pretty
good battery life, charges quickly
small light weight
Small, Price is right
nice size and shape,great features
My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
Easy to maneuver
ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
Good inexpensive camera.
Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
NOT COSTLY
Very good resolution quality
easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
Price, 6x zoom, image quality
fast
decent reception
Quality pictures, easy to use.
Cool
Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
Two-Way radio, good phone service  amp; clarity
picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
A stylish full feature phone.
It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
Price, size, picture quality good for beginners
its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
Everything
good value, easy to use hardware
Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
everything about it
Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
Best bang for the buck
Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
high ink volume, extremely fast
Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use.
Light weight, good software.
Price, dual cartridges, quality
Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
Fast, easy, convenient
THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE!
Good features and design
good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
Ease of use! Picture quality, great value.
Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
good value, easy to use, good battery life
Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
Options, Capabilities, Value
Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
Ease of use, vibrant color
James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
Great phone, good size, clarity, etc.
Super Bargain, Good pic quality
Good pictures, rugged construction, Nikon lenses.
Easy to operate
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
small and it folds
Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
Compact, lightweight
quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
excellent quality and decent price
easy
Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
Ease of use, small
inexpensive
very small, very light, very cool
Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
Standard batteries, good picture quality
Very classy look and feel, tons of useful features, easy to navigate
All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
Good prints, works with XP
Great picture quality, great price
cheap/does the job/small in size
Handles like a 35mm, amp;#13; amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout, amp;#13; amp;#10;Histogram amp;#13; amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries, amp;#13; amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility amp;#13; amp;#10;
Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
easy to operate
Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
Great detail, high dpi
Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
Great tone!
Really sturdy stroller
Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
Two way radio service
It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
Manual zoom ring! Many SLR-like controls. Good lens. SLR-like feel
Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
Lots of features, compact design.
Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
excellent photo quality, relatively fast (in economy mode)
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Price, quality, dependability
Value
Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC  amp; Mac compatible
Wonderful
Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
fun and easy
14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
Low Cost, good black text printing
Quality fast quiet printing
Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
Global roaming, color screen, lightweight
Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
Size/weight, Connects to computer, voice-dial, ease of use
cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
Good, all you need
Price.  Rebate = $30
Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
Great Digital pictures with the convenience of instant pictures.
Size, Push-To-Talk
A lot of memory
nokia is smaller
Speakerphone, two-way radio
Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
Excellent features, excellent battery life!!!, durability, ease of use
Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
Great Camera and Lens designed by famed Olympus Camera Designer Maitani
Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
easy to use, economical, speedy
Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
Individual ink tanks, less expensive
Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
Better color, cheaper ink replacement
the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
EASY TO USE
Excellent photographic quality.
Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
Price  amp;amp; easy to use
High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
Great price, beautiful quality
Great looking and excellent call quality
Print Quality, Durability, Ease of Install
Lots of pictures, pick and choose
nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
clear printing, about average print time
Fast
Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Takes beautiful photographs easily!
Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
Can see picture right away, can store on disk
Fast and outstanding for printing photos
No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
Stylish, small, works well - fits in pocket easily.
good gift for someone you hate
lt;B gt;Small! lt;/B gt; And quick.  Good quality pictures.
Speed, quality of print and color, quiet
3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
Convenient and Ease of Use
Light, plush, durable
Small size
great pics
Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
Price, speed, dependability
compact and space saving
Versatility, small package, picture quality
big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
Great text and color quality
Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
Reliable;  very good quality;  excellent value for all-in-one
Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
it
WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
Small enough to carry in my pocket
Quality photos, photographic features
Lightweight,looks great,hands free
Great quality of pictures, ease of use
Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
cool factor
Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
sturdy, great size, user friendly
Nice and compact, chock full o' features, sturdy for its size, and VIBRATING!
Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
Small, stylish, great features
Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
Excellent price and great quality
Picture quality is great and easy to use
Wide screen, durable construction
Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
easy to use, software package included, affordable
Photos look good on TV
Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
Easy to use, good price for beginners.
Brilliant technology, beautiful design,   amazing sound   quality.
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
Many functions, cheap price
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
easy to use, price, features
Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
dont like it
looks, quality, software
Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
Small #13; #10;Nice display
simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
Fast and Excellent Quality
Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie
Looks way too good...
Stunning Photos, quiet operation
Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions.
Light Weight , Sleek Design
Love the speakerphone function and big screen
size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
Good reception, bluetooth.
Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
Easy to use with excellent results.
Printer, Fax machine, Copier  amp; Scanner
Photo Quality Prints
Amazing quality, very quiet
CDMA,LGC330W
Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
size
Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
Connectivity, software, speed, print quality, automatic two sided printing, paper recognition
Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Lightweight, easy to use and takes reasonably good pictures for the low price.
Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price,
The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
Great print quality
Well, it's cheap.
High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
Great feature set and decent reception
small, lightweight, sleek, durable
Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
Excellent price, very easy to use with a great menu setup on the camera
small, good focus, no red eye
Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
Amazingly sharp outdoor pictures, great close up and zoom, good ergonomics
Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
Excellent camera.  Great Price
Easy to read LCD screen #13; #10;Programming is a snap
Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
A great value for the begginer
LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
Easy to push  amp; steer with one hand!, Easy to fold and unfold!
Small size, 2 megapixels, one button image transfer, Li-Ion rechargeable battery included.
Great Pictures! Easy to use!
Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
Cheap price, good color quality
Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
Small Size, Cool Design.
Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
Easy to use
Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
All the features, fantastic battery, light
Easy to use for beginners.
0
camera size,  photo quality
Size, features
Fantastic close-up capability.
Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
can use as a travel system, easy to steer
great first camera, a good deal
small footprint and fewer cords
Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
Cheap, decent quality.
small, easy to use
Small   Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
Great pics! Easy to use!
Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
Great features, slim design, good accessories available
Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
High quality images, optical zoom
great quality, easy setup
LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper   ring-tones, sharp appearance.
Easy to use, nice print quality
Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
price, performance
High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
Good camera for the money.
Great value in an all-in-one machine
Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
Decent goodies for the price
Speed, accuracy, simplicity
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
manual mode is very powerful
Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
Features, image quality, ease of use
:  fast, vibrant colors, reliable,
Excellent photo copies
Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
Sharp vivid colors, easy use
Small and compact
nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
Battery life, reception, ease of use.
Lightweight and compact
Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
None
Cute Design
Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC  amp; TV, more options
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp.
easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
great quality
good print quality
Very easy to use, good quality
Great picture quality, features
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Beautiful output, when it works
size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
Compact, good color and video, 2" LCD, 2 AA batteries, ease of use
I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
An inexpensive versatile choice
The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
Price,Speed,Print quality
Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
Easy to use, lots of features,  amp;#13; amp;#10;high quality LCD screen.
Good $
hmm...
Great Resolution
Very nice Camera
Reliable and Reasonable Cost
many products
Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality.
small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
Low price, ease of use, high  amp;quot;bang for the buck amp;quot;
Remarkable photo print quality.
Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels   casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
Well constructed
keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
megapixels, software
Easy to use, quality
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
High quality prints, fast output, reliability
Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
Supports Microdrive
good build quality, good price, great menus
inexpensive, easy to use
Beautiful color printing, good quality
Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
amazing photo images
Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
Size, weight, and easy to use
OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
print quality, ease of use
The size of a cigarette box, Quality of Picture
Fast, sharp, reliable.
Convenient, good price
Small, Looks cool
Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
Great picture easy to use
An all around good camera...easy to use
Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
Lightweight, reclining
physical changing of cartridge is easy
Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
Small, lightweight and Cute
Smaller and Lightweight
It was free
Easy to use - especially for the "computer almost-illiterate!"
Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
Has a lot of features for the beginner and more advanced photographer.
so many extras !
hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
Easy to use, great results
Can print very well at times, fairly priced
Great reception and good battery life
Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
good-looking, good features
little, affordable phone
great phone. has tons of features
design, photo quality
Very simple to operate, even has a reasonably priced set of extra lenses available.
Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
No glitches, easy installation.
Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
Refilling Saves $$$$$$
Size, sleekness, battery
Color screen
Small, compact.  Many features.
Speedy recharging device, great reception, and fun rings.
Super easy to use
Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
Too many to list!
Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
Great photo quality and quiet.
Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
Comfortable handles, cup holder, nice canopy, back support, reclining seat option, substantial wheels,  Cup holder!!!!
Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
Movie mode
Small, lots of features, GPRS
This phone will only cost you a penny!
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
ease of use, quality, price
Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
Brillian color. Extremely fast.
Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
Easy disk access
Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system.
Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing.
MP3, sexy design
Cell phone's are convient
solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
Convenience, Easy turning
Beautiful print quality at first
Wide view screen easy transfer
The x83 was very easy to set up and install into my computer programing.
Cheap, extremely easy to operate and install
price, dpi, ease of set up
size, simplicity
4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
Easy to setup
It reclines and is easy to move about.
Not ONE!
Price picture quality
lots of manual options, good pictures
Microdrive
picture quality
Print Quality
ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Both seats recline, easy to use
All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
USB connection, low price consumables, excellent all around mid-range printer
compact and easy to carry
Easy to use and lightweight
Inexpensive, easy to use
Many options and small size
Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
cool looking phone
easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
Tough, compact, styling, ease of use
Easy to use, has lens cover!
Small, long battery life, lots of features.
Quality images, easy of use
Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
Biggest zoom lens available!
Fine Print Resolution, Good Speeds, USB and Parallel port connections
Quick set-up and easy to use. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
Good outweighs the bad/
Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
Quality large images, medium size
Compact and Stylish
permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
everything you need to get started is in the box
Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
Great sound quality
Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
Inexpensive, excellent quality
none
Easy to use with great results!
Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
Extremely light-weight
1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
compact
Classy camera for a decent price.
Unbeatable, affordable, photo quality printing
Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
easy to use.picture quality printing
Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
Print is life like
easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
small   lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound   reception
Look cool.  Built well.  Good reception.  It's a Nokia.
Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
Great Image Capacity
Incredibly fast black  amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
Beautiful prints, borderless, quiet
Excellent phones, Excellent service
flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
A communication champ!
Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
everything
Price and rebates
Ease of Use, Quality of photos
Has a "joy stick" for easier use.  Decent reception.
tons of features!!
Easy and so fun
2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
Easy to use, great pictures
Good printer
high picture quality. nice color. manual control
It's a printer...
Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
fits two with freedom for the older one!
Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
Super lens and quality
Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
Good features - nice design - sharp images
Excellent resolution and prints
Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours   resolution, volume variability
excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
color
It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
Price
...
Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
very good printer
Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
it takes great photos
Speaker volume,  amp; Durability
Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good amp;#13; amp;#10;
Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use!
good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet
The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
None worth mentioning.
Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
It prints...sometimes...
Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
Ease of use
Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
Amazing design, call clarity, music features, and battery life.
polyphonic sounds, size
Very small and does it all
Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
1. easy to install, options and quality
Excellent printing quality when it works, Fast and Very Quiet
Speakerphone, two-way radio, e-connections (text pages, web capable, etc).
Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
excellent movie capture, compact, great pictures, easy to use, great lcd display
Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
Great buy for the $$
Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
Clear pictures, easy to use
Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
large tires, durability, comfort
Good quality for relatively low price.
Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
looks nice
nice color screen.  small size.  can download different tones, pics, etc.
Ultra small, but very ergonomic camera
Good Print quality
Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
Good features for the money.
Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
tv-out, webcam capable
Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
great pics, easy controls, small
CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
Fast, reliable, good print quality
it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
Its a printer.
The external display for caller ID and clock, date are nice features.
Nice Screen, good reception, good features
Mostly good and sharp pictures
Lightweight, affordable
GSM 900/1900 GPRS   TDMA 850/1900 network aware
good enough for the basics... cheap.
battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
The best of all digital cameras.
It's blue. Well, mine was, at least.
5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
5 Mega pixels, very small size, lots of options
resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.
5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
Size, features, clarity.
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
The price.
Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
free, cute looking in shape
LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel
works well, cute, lots of features
small size, ease of use, reliable
Great Printer especially  for pictures
FREE!!
Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
Small size, good pictures
A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
Economically priced.
Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
Tiny "take anywhere" convenience amp;#13; amp;#10;Beautiful photos
GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
innovative design
Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
Easy to manuever
quick radio communications
Great pictures
Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
Low price, High Quality
Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
The best there is at his time
sometimes makes calls
Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
Background light is cool
Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
Trendy, beat-me-if-you-can kinda model, easy to use, elegant, light-lit key pad.
Fabulous output
compact size, ease of use, picture quality
Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
Low price but with very good printing specs. including 4800 x 1200 Photo printing
It does what it's supposed to do.
Clock works good.
Great Picture Quality
Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
Small, durable, many features
sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
affordability
Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
Great Music Player and displays, 3G, BatteryLife, SOLID PHONE!
lots of manual settings
Excellent picture quality, easy to use
Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R  amp; RW media, Great picture review
Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
It looked nice, was appealing
Great print quality
Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
You don't have to have the film developed.
none
DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES  amp;amp; FAX
It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
Ease of operation, no downloading required.
Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
converts to carraige
Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
versatile and cost efficient
very easy to learn and use. Great photos
Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
Fast, Cheap, Great colors
feels like a 35mm
Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
small, light, long charge time, compact flash
cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
Easy to use, good price
Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
Great features, reception, reliability
Great software, easy to use camera
Great Pictures, Light and Small Camera
Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
Good features, easy to use, built-in zoom and wide angle, good software.
High quality,easy, and quiet
good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
Compact size; ease of use
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
good features
Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
Features and price.
Great
reliable, quality
great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,
great color and fast printing
small, light, easy to use
Fast, efficient
Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
Very user friendly
Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
great versatility
Small, thin,great screen clarity and lighting, sexy
Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
Size,image quality, usability, design
fast, reliable, good quality
size and durability
Size, monochrome LCD screen, ease of use, durability, reception
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
Battery life, sound quality, display
Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone  16 MB Memory
Great camera for the money
Picture Quality, Features, battery life
One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
Excellent photo printing
Photo quality color and laser sharp text.  Quick and easy setup.
Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
Compact size, very durable, excellent picture quality, user friendly interface
Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
Price
looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay.
good quality amp;#13; amp;#10;small, takes up little space, amp;#13; amp;#10;inexpensive amp;#13; amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions amp;#13; amp;#10;sleek look
Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
Fast and clean. amp;#9;
great reception, great call quality, many cool features
Light and small
Compact and Easy to use
Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
easy to use
Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use,
Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
Low price
Great pics, small size, optical zoom
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense,
Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
Great picture quality, swivel lens, many options
Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
None.
Great pictures, good battery life, price amp;#13; amp;#10;
prints good black and white
Good color screen, attractive blue color, nice keypad
small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
Inexpensive
Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
Lots of features
Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
photo quality is very good
Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
Clear display; large display
Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
Ease of use
Excellent pics, Easy to use.
Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
Excellent Quality
good money value
Inexpensive
A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
A very complete quality electronic photo system
Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
Wonderful design, great features, cool camera. AMAZING!
Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
quite reliable
Cheap Price
Stylish, effective, light and portable
Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
Speed, print quality, easy installment
Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
Not many.It to be good scanner
BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
Great engineering, output and good price
Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
Price
Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
Quality / Dual Storage facility / Movies with Audio and more....
small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
convenience
Compact, camera (still video), decent battery life
Light, long talk time, easy to read display
Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
takes great shots, cool features
Prices and Picture Quality
Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
Size
Great print quality, reasonable price
study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
Good looking phone, trimode
small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
Selectable ring tones for different people
ease of use, battery life, good brand, good price!
Cheap
good price performance ratio, small and light
Cheap, good quality printing
This phone is light weight.
Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
Beautiful Machine
Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD;
Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
The company honored my warranty.
Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
on screen editing- clarity- zoom
light weight, easy to use
cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
Pleasant blue color.
Lots of functions
Radio
Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
Small, Sexy
Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
Easy two sided copying, good quality printing
picture quality, compact, quality
Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
Ease of use, Picture quality
high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
sweet and small
unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
lots of features, lightweight, clear
Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
excellent design, lots of features
cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
Great reception, internet capable, Size,
high quality, individual ink tanks, easy to use
Price, ease of use, software
easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
High-quality printing, good reliability
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
Small size, descent size screen
Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Easy to use,small  amp; convenient.
Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
Good quality for the price
Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
Great Reception.
great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder
Good resolution and print quality
easy use, reliable, cool colors
Everything
Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
-
small, light weight, very easy to use
Excellent features
Price
Not a bad phone, with lots of good features
Great detail and color
Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
Very small and compact.
Compact, durable, good resolution, able to take low-light and black  amp; white photos, rechargeable battery
Price and ease of use
Fast, Super high quality printing, rock solid, cheap.
Color screen, numerical clarity, size
Great pictures
OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting
Feature laden, great battery life, solidly built
Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
Small, light, flip open to answer a call
Good quality pictures
Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
Simple navigation
Durable,good display,good reception,no antenna,good sound,
Low Cost, Complete  amp;amp; Easy to Use
When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
Great gimmicky phone that will get you some attention at public places.
Four great features, great printing quality,
Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
Great display, tons of features, direct connect to Palm and PC without a modem.
Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
Size and features
Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
Cheap, very light   compact, world phone, GPRS, WAP, stylish and ergonomic, good value
Good phone and features for the price.
Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
none
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Good battery life, nice size, good reception
Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
Good quality prints, quick, relatively inexpensive amp;#9;
Great technical specifications.
cheap! Good connectivity software, USB support, CF, compact design, easy to use
Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
Never jams, quite good output with color management software
Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
Disk use
Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
Incredibly fast black  amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com
Durable, changeable faceplates
UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
Size, ease of use.
Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Images are stored on floppies
Low cost, light weight, functional
size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
Quality, speed, price.
fairly quick print time
size, and quality
quality -the best
Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
Size, style, customization.
big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
Does everything I need it to do.
takes good pictures
Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
Inexpensive, Easy to Use
Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
Clear printing, easy to use.
Relatively fast, superb text quality
Easy to use,Great pictures
Low Price, Cheap to Run, Good Quality Printing
Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
Lots of features, games, and connectivity, good battery
It works
It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
Small, great print quality
Lightweight, easy opening, travels great
Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
Very small.  Additional functionality to the S100  amp; S110.  Auto Rotate
Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
Walkie Talkie function is very handy
Ease of use, quality of photos, lcd screen.
Never jams, quite good output with color management software
Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
Easy, powerfull, camera dock
Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
ease of operation, feature set, and price
Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
takes great close-ups
size
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
More compact than most doubles
Great size and reception.
Ease of use, phonebook
small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
Price - ease of use - compatibility
Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
friendly
Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price
Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
High quailty print, good speeds.
Cool look, great features
Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail   aim capable
Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB
The camera  amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
Service, durability, ergonomics
ring tones, durability, size, price
Compact, flip front
Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
Perfect for an amateur
So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
its bundled with a lot of extras!
Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
Tiny camera, 3x Optical, 2 MegaPixel, wonder in photographic engineering
This camera is great for new computer and digital camera users.
Outstanding reception, easy to use.
Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
cheap, fast, reliable
Fabulous photos, fantastic price
Small size, easy to use all the features
10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
Quality, Long Lasting Ink, Good Value, Durable
Beautiful output!
Name, speed, price.
Cost Effective
Size, Looks
uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
Produces the best among digital photos of the same resolution taken by other digital cameras.
Great daily camera.  It goes almost anywhere and takes great photos
Convenient and easy to use.
Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
Great Beginners Camera
Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
good quality phone with plenty of features
Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
price, ease of use
Great resolutions
Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
Provides professional quality photographs
Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby  amp; talk time
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
Light, easy to use and excellent technical help.
Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
Good quality,
small size, light weight
Great pictures the best great price
Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
Good quality print  amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control,
four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
Price, quality of color and black  amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
Great quality printing, low-priced
Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
works well indoors, great features
Large screen, clear reception
Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.
Floppys  for  film  AND  easy  to use!
Easy to use
An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
4 in 1
small; lightweight; decent screen
Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
Good for scanning to Acrobat.
Triband, user-friendly
small and compact
Everything
Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options,  amp;amp; affordable price.
Looks (can be deceptive)
Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
Great value for the money, great quality output
Great quality,Great Price
good quality of printing
Cheap, good color, easy to use
Small, handy, memory stick, USB
it's an HP
QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
The Canon Power Shot is the best camera amp;#13; amp;#10;you can buy.
Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
features, speed, resolution, efficiency
Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
Professionals will like this one. Lots of bells  amp; whistles!
Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
Its cheap, on screen ink display
Durable - High Quality Images - Night Shot Function
Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!,
Size.  Portability.
Durable, good price
Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
Small deskspace....great price
Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
Good quality output
Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
Very light, portable, simple to operate
Spacious, Ample Storage Space, Sturdy, Collapses Easily, Great Features, Affordable!
Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
Size, weight, picture quality, price
Looks cool
Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
Good camera
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
small, sturdy, dependable
Cheap, compatible with most computers
Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
Price, stunning still pics, usb
Small, clear sound, durable, good design
~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
good photo quality
Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
Feature rich #13; #10;Fairly durable #13; #10;Good battery life
Inexpensive  amp;quot;development amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering ,
Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
Great price, awesome print quality!
Attractive clamshell, external speaker
print quality, speed, ease of use
looks, size
great images and interface
Price and Quality
Great quality, easy to use!
Looks cool to the eye.
Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
Slim design   strong vibrate feature
Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
Stylish, slim, light, packed with nice features
Lots of useful features
This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride  amp; Cupholders too!
Best image for under $1000
Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
High quality, easy transfers
Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
durability
Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
LOOOONG battery life and great reception with many calling features.
cost , reliability, print quality
size, bluetooth
Improved reception
High resolution pics great for printing.
Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people  amp; cheap in UK.
Good printing quality
Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
Fast Color printer Great Picture quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
-ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life ,
Excellent picture quality
Size, features, pixels
MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
thin, goodlooking
Fast, Reliable
fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
Relatively user friendly, free with contract
Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
Small form-factor
Color screen is excellent
Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
Comes with everything you need, easy to use
Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB ,
great quality, ink lasts long good price
Good Output, Nice DPI
Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5 amp;quot; floppy disk feature
Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
No maintenance, ink is affordable
Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
stylish, size, display and menu set-up, ring tones
Very durable and easy to manuever
USB transfer, price, picture quality
quick, high quality printer and printing
Good picture quality for the price.
Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
Works good as modem
Size, weight, options
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
Build quality, features, feel
Great phone
Great display, easy to use, sounds great
reliable, good color, easy to control
everything but cost!
Carl Zeiss Lens, Voice Tags, Hologram AE
convenient, user- friendly, great price
Inexpensive, good volume
Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
inexpensive
Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
Compact, Lightweight, Flip phone, Not too complicated, Cheap
Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
separate ink cartridges
Great lightweight umbrella stroller
price, resolution and ease of op.
intuitive, user friendly
Good long lasting cell phone
Great price, good speed and picture quality
Small, Wearable, lightweight
All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
A camera to carry with you at all times.
Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
Easy to use, reliant
The keyboard is really the only good thing.
good service
near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
Features, size, speakerphone
solid light good looking
Coolness Factor, size
Ink cartridge life
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
ultra-compact design, easy to use
Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
Cheap.  Easy to use, clear menus, quick setup, decent photos with little effort.
Small, optical zoom, easy to use
Small, fits in my pocket
Light weight = high speed!
easy to fold up
easy to use and great quality pictures
Ease of use, customizable, QWERTY keyboard, java capable
Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
sophisticated, stylish, small yet good size
Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
Open with one hand, big display, ringers
Size, price and ease of use
looks, works, and feels like a standard point  amp;amp; shoot
Stores in jpg to 3 1/2 inch floppy disks
Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
Little, cute, good sound
fast, good quality, light, infraRed
Clear and crisp photos
excellent as a paperweight
Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
-When you get your cellphone, the presentation is nice. I even kept the box, it's nice looking. You get many  ...
Very well built Great pictures for the price paid.
High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
for basic printing, this machine is fine
Compact, lots of features
A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
Sleek, feature-rich, exceptional reception, Voice Commands
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
quality of images; ease of use
Great Software Comes With Camera
You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
Compact Size; Lots of Features; Vibrate mode
Bright 2 amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
Great name brand camera for a good price
Great Outdoor in sun pictures
Pros: The price is right,usually under $300.00. The camera is very easy to operate. All controls are on a dial and easy to understand. Especially like the upload from the camera. The pictures  come up on thumbnails and you can look at them all before savin
Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
Good picture quality, instant review
Light weight.
Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
None
Good buy, good performance
Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
Looks great! Lots of features!
Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
Speed, good print quality, smoothness
Easy to use, takes great pictures.
Beautiful Color, prints quickly once it's warmed up.  Low price for a commercial printer.
Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
Good quality when it works
Great reception
Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
Quiet operation, front load paper feed
Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
Nice build and design. Great call log,email client. Fantastic call quality
Inexpensive, Easy to operate
Very Very Good Camera
Price, speed, ease of use, clarity, the list goes on!
Easy to use, not TOO expensive
Good for taking walks
Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
Small, sleek and simply cool
good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
amazing camera
Great price,good pics
messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
good connection when talking with others
Small, light, long battery life.
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
Nice looks, ring tones, camera works well.
Battery Life
Cheap
This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
resolution, battery life, user friendly, navigation, clarity, fun/interaction
Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
small
Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
Prints  amp; copies nicely  amp; is attractive.
sturdy, easy to use,
Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
Small .. nothing else good about it
Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
Ease of use, great pictures and looks hot
extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
Tiny, light, self-contained, USB, cool
A bargain for lots of features. Cute, great design, cool-looking. And, it's a Sony.
Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
Nice photographs
Works quickly
Great quality print and graphics
It twists!!!!!
size and weight
A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
sleek, high tech looking, small
Pictures are pretty good for this price
lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily,
Lightweight,nice background,loud
voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
features, portability
Great Pictures-Easy to use
It can't be beat
nice looking and pretty easy to use
Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
Light. Reasonably cheap and enough games to enjoy.
Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
very small, great battery life, cool lighting
price,its cute,has all basic needed features
Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
Print speed and quality, excellent
Nice, white case.  Compact size.
Great output, much bang for the money!
Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
Everything!
Great user interface; great features
it is very good
quality printing
Inexpensive and clear pictures
Inexpensive.
medium size, light, very easy to use
A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
Good quality, excellent customer support.
A ton of features
Easy to set up, easy to use
Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
Can fit 2 children
Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
Fast printer, very good quality
The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
inexpensive, takes great pictures
simple
Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
Looks sleek
Cheap, easy to set up
Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
Compact, great pictures, cheap
saves you space on your desk
Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
Easy fold and great safety featured
Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
Comfortable, and luxurious
Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
Great clarity
Clarity, battery life
Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look  amp; Feel
Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
great auto mode, AA batt, great value
Easy to Use, lightweight.
Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
Great Price, Easy to Use
No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
Great coverage, excellent clarity  amp; reasonable rates.
Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
Inexpensive, Durable, Simple features, easy to use #13; #10;
Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
Color screen; caller id with ringtones; outside caller id; get-it-now; voice recognition
Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
weight, movability
Ultra-light and Portable.
Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
Fast, reliable, and inexpensive
Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
good image quality, construction
Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
Good picture quality, great for technical shots
nice print quality
Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
Innexpensive, Good B amp;amp;W Printer
size, weight, simplicity
Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software.
ease of use/good software/normal appearance
Small, lightweight, very usable.
Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
Easy, have never had any problems with it.
small size, many features
Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
Light, Small, Easy To Use
Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
Great phone, packed with features including a handy camera
Looks nice.
EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
Two way radio, Many features
Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
Floppy Disk Storage and much more
easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
Great, light, affordable!
vivid colors some what clear pictures.
Good clarity, many customizable features, and good size display.
Fax, Internet, Email, all in one unit. Price! Solid construction.
ability to read and print from memory cards
Nice look and feel
O.K. if free with service or under $10.00.  Good clarity on calls.
price
decent display, good ringtones, good price
Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
great, works great, runs great, everything
Older child can sit or stand
Great when it works
picture quality is OK
Easy to learn
easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
Photo-like quality, good ink prices
Price, quality, ease of use.
Can fit in your pocket
Signal reception
Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight   portable, sexy looking
Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
Design.Ease of use.
Great pictures, autofocus illuminator, sturdy, camera "feel," compact, simple, battery life, easy connectivity.
Great camera name u trust
Cheap.
Nearly perfect PDA/Phone, not a bad value either.
Inexpensive Printer
I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
Speed, resolution, price, no aligning, and software (bake potato skinning)
Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
None come to mind
Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
Easy to use and small
Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
Small and sleek
Easy to fold up, durable frame  amp; wheels, lots of accessories
Great extras. Durable.
Cost effective, good quality
ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
cheap, zoom, slim
User interface, image quality
Bright backlight, good battery
Cheap, great quality pictures
Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
Cost Effective
Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Great service, good battery life
Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
VERY low price
Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
QuickTime Movie, Great picture quality
Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
color screen, external display, calendar
Worked one time
It's clear, no roaming charges,  amp; lots of accessories
Good reception, nice price, very easy to use
I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
Features, Ease of Use
Nice features, backlit, compact size, holds a charge.
This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
Good Resolution, 3x zoom,
Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
Small, so many accessories it's hard to chose one :)
This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
Good Camera
Size, Battery Life, Internet Ready
Durability, compact, features, storage capacity, LCD display clarity.
Included accessories
Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
Ericsson has good service centers.
Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
None
Initial cost, good image output, easy install
Great camera!
The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
Good Print Quality
Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
Cheap, small.
Color screen, voice dial, external display
DURABILITY, size
User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
Great color display, integrated camera, call quality
Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY
Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
Ease of use.
The pros?...Little to no cons
Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
A good product for the price.
Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos  amp; great colors
multifunctional and space saving
Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
lightweight
Good picture quality, video out
Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
Nice size for the features available.
There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
Small, and lightweight
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Ease of Use, Quality
fun to see how pictures look before  you print
size, weight, reception
Its small, lightweight, and fast
Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
Quality of pictures,battery,price
Nice design, great value.
Compact size
Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
Great Camera , Awesome Photos
Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
Outstanding picture Quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to use amp;#13; amp;#10;Reasonable price
cheap
small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
Durable, easy to use, quality pics
Cheap, Lots of Features
Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
Durable, inexpensive.
Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
Cheap and great resolution for digital photography and graphics
Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
65k color screen, games, internet capable,lighweight and small
Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
Convenient size, zoom
Ease of use, image quality, value
cheap, good resolution
Ease of use, Durability, Quality
read below
Great reception, sound quality and features!
very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
Incredible text and photographic prints
Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
Design, battery life seems good
Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
Great for beginners!
Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
New 4X Zoom lens, new  amp;#147;in-camera amp;#148; image manipulation options  amp;#13; amp;#10;
Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
Wow! My first digital cam.
voice clarity, ease of use
Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
Super printer
small size, great quality pics
Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
EVERYTHING
1.  Copy amp;#13; amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer, amp;#13; amp;#10;
Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
real easy to use
Great size, crisp photos
speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
Lightweight, appearance, call quality
Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
durable
Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
Long battery life
nothing special
Made me want to get up and shout,  amp;quot;Thank you Sony! amp;quot;
Tough and Rugged.
Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
Clear screen, great outer screen, easy to use, easy to press buttons, great reception!
It was cheap.
great pictures and reasonable price
Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one.,
Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
Print quality, speed
solid, very attractive, handles well
Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
Phone performs very well.
Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
None that I can see.
Laser quality text prints, High resolution, Quick prints
Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
good quality camera
Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
IR Port,  quot;Wearability quot;
photo quality  amp;amp; price
Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
ease of use, room saver
Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
Size, Weight, Simple to use,
very easy to use and everything came in one kit
Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
Power management is great. #13; #10;PalmOS with real web power.
Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
Easy to Use
ease of use and versatility
Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
Price, looks, good quality
Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
great value megapixel digital camera, USB file transfer
elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
clear print quality, multifunctional
Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
Great features for the price.
DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value.
A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
High resolution, can accept a 1GB memory card, for its ability it is small
Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
Many Pros
Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
screen, looks, reception, voice quality
Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
Dependable
Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
No More Film Processing
decent print quality
Bright screen, lots of features
Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
Sleek design, great features, compact
Easy to use, See your photos immediately
Signal Strength LCD Size Style
Lightweight, 6X Optical zoom, takes excellent quality pictures
easy to use. no film or cards needed.
Great Value, Excellent print quality
A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
It's small and cheap, and a great tool for taking terrible pictures.
very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
High quality prints
Prints nicely when it prints.
High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
Good and durable
Lots of range
small, cheap, built in flash
Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
Great image quality, easy use with Windows
speed, quality, dependability
Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
Good camera with you at all times, great features
Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
Durable, sexy!
many partnerships
image quality, video w sound
light, beautiful
Cool design, great features
Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
It was free.  Good talk time.
Not many
Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
clarity and ease of sharing photos, video recorder
Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
Size, Performance, Quality of print
Size/weight, several display options
It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
can change the face plate
The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
Size
Great picture and text
Picture Quality, speed
Durable
Holds calls in some weak signal areas, text messaging memory, good battery #13; #10;life, Motorola support
Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
takes very nice pictures
Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
Inexpensive, Built in card reader
Price, Ease of Use
the big wheels don't get stuck
Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
Great feel, high quality pictures, many options, and easy to use.
Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
EASY TO USE, SWIVEL SCREEN, GREAT PHOTOS, GREAT FOR LEARNERS
camera phone   it was free,
great clearity, decent price
Great picture quality
price, size, print quality
small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
Quality, Features, Tools
lightweight, easy to carry and fold
Slim. Beautiful.
image quality. ease of use for basic photography
Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
Quick
Easy usb connection
Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
Small, Great pics, good battery life
great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
Yes
GREAT SERVICE, INCREDIBLE INTERFACE
Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
Cool changeable covers
Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
Stylish design and compact.
Easy to use
Everything
Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
Great picture photos
Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
Inexpensive, high quality prints
A lot of features for the price.
Ease of use
Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner,
speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
easy to wash padding, easy to use
Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
Great camera
Unsurpassed quality for pictures
Good reception, bluetooth.
numerous functions, good clarity, personalized settings, long battery life.
Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
Point and shoot, battery life, decently sized viewing screen
price, small size, easy to use, easy to download.
Nice picture as a web camera when the lighting is good.
Lightweight and compact
Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
Small, flip, colorful!
Excellent Print time for both color and B amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
Excellent image quality, manual mode, movie mode w/ sound, very well-built
lt;b gt;Excellent pictures, versatile, affordable lt;/b gt;
Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
4 INK CARTRIDGES, CHEAP,WARRANTY
Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
Small and lightweight
small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
easy to use, best camera for the money
Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
Great Signal, good Features, easy to use.
Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
Its light, Its bright, and fun!
Great Quality  amp;amp; Awesome Price
Easy to use, powerful zoom
Size, quality, price, ease of use
Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
Low price, good quality, feature-loaded drivers, integral power supply.
Raw features, fairly well-built interface
Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
GSM, price, features
Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
Floppy disks, easy to use.
Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
OK pictures
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
Small size, good looking
easy, quality
Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use,
Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
Great Quailty with everything
Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
overall great looks and usability
Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
Everything
great
Sleek look, buttons easy to press
Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
Great Sound!  Cool color screen.  Can be used as a flashlight.  Many Features.
Read on!
Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
battery life, reception, features
Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
Extra small size, different colors to choose
Same great StarTAC looks
cheap printer, good quality
Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
easy to use, good camera, works well
All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
small, great reception, simple
Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens,
HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
inexpensive
good price, easy to use
Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use
Works well
durable, really easy to use
sleek, small, light weight
Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
A great selection as a first digital camera
Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
Wide Format
Speed, quality, ease of use
Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
quality
Holds up well to lots of kids
Works as advertised
Compact, excellent picture quality
Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
very sharp, high resolution, quick, 2 sided printing
We ask you, and you said that we have to try
Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
Easy to use, high quality photos, inexpensive, fun.
Nice quality, Low Cost
The office jet is just amp;#13; amp;#10;as good as the name sais: Jet
Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like
Great picture quality
analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
small, long lasting battery.
image, cost, one hand point amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case
quiet, easy, great quality, fast
Faster,Clear sharp Pictures and cartridge gauge
value/results
Stunningly sleek looks, compact and sturdy, camera, good battery, great sound
Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
Get pictures
kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
Small, easy to use
Great picture quality, Good battery life
Big color display, flip phone
Good Print Quality
8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
Price and accessories
quiet, quality, efficient
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Low cost, well made
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Ive listed the pros in my review
Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
High-quality images, logical placement of most controls, nice hand-held design.
This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
Photo quality prints, quiet
Easy to use
Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
Inexpensive, Good Quality
Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
easy to use
Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
Relatively fast printing
Small, well designed, good lens  amp; affordable
small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
Price
takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
Fast printing, Cheap
Colour quality, 640x480 video, small size, docking cradle
Ease of use. Good picture quality.
good price-great pictures
quick to get ready, great image sharpness
worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
Excellent quality and resolution amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to operate amp;#13; amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms amp;#13; amp;#10;
Takes high quality pictures. Great Black  amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
Picture quality amazing!
Ease of use, versatile
Good-looking phone
Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
small
Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
Great phone and affordable.
Lightweight, easy to put together, literally glides
Small size, great images, expandability
Nice small form factor, cool looking
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
technological marvel
Being able to see the picture you've taken, just seconds after pushing the button.
large screen.
Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
Nice printing, somewhat fast
Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
seperate ink cartridges
inexpensive, but works well
Great Pictures
High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
Works with a variety of cars eats, converts for older children
form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
Price, on-screen display, ease of use
High quality pics, lots of zoom
special tones
Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
Convenience, versatility, reliability
I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
Picture Quality, Ease of use .
Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
By far easiest to use; camera  amp; software of any Digitals on the market
Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
Battery life, utility, construction.
Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
small
Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
Easy to use
The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
Overall good design
tiny!, usable in Europe   parts of East Asia, light, clarity
Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
Good value, versatile, combines many functions
Cute - neat speaker phone.
Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
Beautiful screen   clarity, incredible reception   battery life.
stylish, work great
good image quality, fairly durable camera
Price and functions
7X "bright" zoom-lens; excellent optics; handling just like a traditional SLR/ZLR; considerable light-weight; little time-lag
exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom  amp; long life lithium battery
Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
it WORKS beyond expectations..
Floppy Storage, SIMPLE
10x zoom, a lot of pic effects and more
size, battery life(!)
Small, lightweight, T9 text input
Price, toner
Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
Durable
Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
great for those adventures.
- Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
zoom lens, long battery life
Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
16 pictures on 1 disk
Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
Tough.
Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
All in one features
Easy to use
small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
cheaper price than some
Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
Compact, easy ear positioning, nice features, fast charge
Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
Great sound quality, amazing features
size, daytime quality, adjustability
Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
Less expensive than other 2 megapixel cameras!
Great features, easy to use
good quality print, reliable
Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
Great Battery Life, Low price, stores 500 contact numbers, customizable, tons of housing cases available
Inexpensive, good for first timers.
High Quality Pictures, Photo Resolution, Many Features, Can get several pictures on 1 disc
compact
Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
It looks nice
Customer Support
The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
Lightweight, pictures are decent.
Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
Quality, speed
Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
Styling; Display.
Light, small, user-friendly.
Size, weight and quality.
Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Recycling older, previously used phones?
Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate,
Easiest camera
lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
Remotely attractive.
Awsome Photo Quality
Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
Cheap.
Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.
Speaker phone is nice.
Solid, simple, very good roller
Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
Durable
User Friendly
Great print quality.Quiet.
compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
Lots of options, great picture quality
good balance of features, price  amp; size
It comes out fast and even.
Size, Features, Battery Life, Motorola Reputation
Well actually I have found none!!
Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
Great combination unit!
Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
easy transfer of pictures to cpu, affordability
Inexpensive, sleek looking
Easy to use and good fotos
Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
easy to use - great picture quality
Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
Ease of use, Floppy disks are transfer media, MPEG Capable
Easy to use
Cost and Software Included
Great picture
Sound Quality, Reception and features.
Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
Great battery life, great reception, good features.
Easy to install software.
sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
prints great photos
Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons #13; #10;
economy of digital with images = to film
1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
small size, price
Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
Excellent display,
See Review Above
Cheap, pretty dependable
USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
good quality pictures and movie clips
low price, easy to use
Good picture quality, good price
Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
Works very well and very easy to use.
Quality and size.
See description below
Takes great pictures at high quality setting
Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
light, discreet, sleek design, has all basic features, easy to use, durable, decent zoom
High Resolution, compact, affordable
very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
Keypad layout, basic features
Small size, flip cover, comes with a second battery and other accessories.
Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
Color Screen, Voice Dialing
CHEAP
Ok price. Looked good in the store.
4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
color prints are amazing
Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
Good form; light; good picture quality
Easy to use and prints great!
Pros
none
Efficient, clear
Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
Amazing photos, Carl Zeiss lens, cool features and memory stick
Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
Flexibility, Price
Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
Cheap
Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
Inexpensive
Solid, basic analog cell phone
Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
cheap. Easy to use.
Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
color screen
tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
none
Flip phone is compact.
Easy to use, good price
Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
Features
easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage
Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
price, ease of use
Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
Multi-features for a great price.
Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
everything
Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
features, light-weight, battery life on standby
looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
3
A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
Very good picture quality
The light weight design makes it very handy. We like the clear "land line" quality.
Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
easy setup, good quality of printing
It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
User friendly, priced right
Small, compact and easy to use!
Functions
email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
Great Pictures, loads of features, costs only power to take pictures!
Compact, light and easy to open and close
None that I can think of
Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
Easy to use
Good cheap phone
Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
Easy to setup
Excellent Picture Quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Good Software Bundle amp;#13; amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out  amp;#13; amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
Easy to use
light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
none
small and lightweight
A small, lightweight, nearly professional powerhouse.
Easy to use; Good value for the money; Great camera for the beginner
Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
Price is coming down.
Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
Great quality - lots of useful options
Small enough to fit in your pocket
The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper.
The price
none compared to similar products
Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
Sharp pictures, easy to use
quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable amp;#13; amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
Not too pricey
Great design, solid, swappable face plate
Good quality, uses floppy discs
Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
Holds a lot of paper, prints fast, high quality material; rarely jams.
compact, easy to use, good picture
LCD screen
ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
good output quality
Small, compact, great screen
Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Outstanding photo quality.Good software
Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert  #13; #10;
Easy to use, many settings
thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
Great pictures,lens and features
Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
Amazing quality, good price, large format
pretty colors
Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
affordable, good for printing text
VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
High quality construction and performance, solid features.
Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT
small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
Modern looking
TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
Inexpensive, multiplatform, quality output of type
Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
Easy to use
Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Price
Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
Great zoom Good Quality
can pull in a signal where others can't.
Easy To Use  amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
quality good for price
small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery,
Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
Easy to use!!
Superior outdoor pics quality in great light conditions, easy to operate, very user friendly.
Low cost.
Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
good reception, easy to use
Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
Extremely sturdy and will last forever
Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
Sony Brand Name, small, light, memory stick, sharp pictures, easy photo review.
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
Quality and accuracy
Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2,
Good Price
Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
Price $30 dollars at Wal-mart
all in one, pcfax is great.
Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
high quality, inexpensive product
Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
Great functionality
Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
Nice pictures, low price
Speakerphone, Display, Ringers, Features in General
Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
great size, good hearing capabilities
Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
EASE OF USE
Fast, great color and print quality
good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
takes pictures
Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
Fast color and B/W printing and two paper trays
INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
Very affordable printer
5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
ease of handling, good picture quality
small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
Small, Colorful, Good Reception
Good picture quality, fast lens.
Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
quality, ease of use
Ease of use, cheap price, availability
Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
Excellent quality pictures
Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
Compact and consistent with great photos
Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
Good color quality, sharp text, faster than most color inkjets.
Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
no monthly bill!!
small and compact
Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
Small, cute
Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
Color, Options
More options and versatility than you can imagine, cool, useful
Ease of use, low price, rechargeable lithium-ion battery
easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
Inexpensive for large size output capacity
Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
Small, long battery, lots of features
Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
great camera, great price,  great features
Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
Fast
Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
price, weight, battery life
Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
size, weight,  amp; features
all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
Fantastic Picture Quality; Durable well built camera.
decent price, good for text
Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
Too Many to list see review
Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
price, ease of operation, resolution
really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
High quality, quick and quiet
good quality
Inexpensive, good print quality
Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
lots of features for good price
Clear Digital Photos
Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight  amp; compact while luxurious.
Great quality and speed
Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
Great signal strength
Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
Many features in compact size.
Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
10X Optical Zoom Lens, very good resolution range, plenty of features.
Speed, Quality, noise Level
Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
Good idea
Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size  amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
Sharp output, fast speed
Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
easy to use, takes decent pictures
great photo reproduction
Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
Good Idea
it works for 8-12 months
Design, Factor, Look   Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
Good print quality, cheap, durable
Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
Solidly built, very quiet
Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
Good reception, no antenna.
Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
small size and portability
Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
Affordable
Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
Quality photos and true colors
Excellent Photo Quality, Low Price, Quicktime Movie Mode, USB Support, Easy To Use
Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
everything
Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
It's 99.9% perfect
Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
lightweight, great features
weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
digital camera, big screen, colorful
Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
lightweight, maneuverability
ability to hold a charge
Small Great Price Movie Option
Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
a few cool screen savers, that's all!
Good value for cost
Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
Cool looking
The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
Looks   size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
Sturdy, speakerphone
alot
Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
Sleek design
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
Ink cost, 2X printing.
Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
Its small and compact
Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
Color, Disco Light when ringing, Voice recorder
Easy set up amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;Clear instructions amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;Mac  amp; PC compatible including OSX
Looks good.
Great picture quality and light weight.
Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
Small size, customization with faceplates.
size, cost , utility
good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
inexpensive, good support
Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
very good text and good graphics for the money
Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
cheap, reliable, easy to use
It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
Great print quality at a very reasonable price
Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
fast, easy, and fun
Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
many features, great quality
square format
Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling.,
When it works, it works OK.
Easy hookup and installation. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;Great print quality and speed. amp;#13; amp;#10;
Color accuracy; consistent program modes
value, 4mp, good resolution
Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
great photos,can be found on sale
Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
easy use
Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover
A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
Looks great. Very small   light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
easy to use and no memory card
Fairly well featured
small, light, inexpensive
A fun camera that takes great pictures.
High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
cant think of any
quality, ease of use, low maintenance
Reliable, high quality print results.
affordable beginner solution
Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
Easy fold, infant seat carrier, cup holders and parent tray.
Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
Great print quality, good color, easy to use
Excellent quality photos
high quality
External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
Excellent usage
Nice screen and keyboard
allows a child too big to sit in a stroller a chance to have a ride.
light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
Moveable display
large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
Small
Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
get this phone free.  gets the job done.
none
Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images.,
clear pictures, Hp
cheap, affordable, decent images
Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use.
Nice size and very compact.
Cheap, Inexpensive ink
None
Great quality pictures, easy to use
Great quality, low price, easy setup
Professional picture quality., Small Size., Many functions!
All around good printer. amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Excellent color and B amp;W 8" X 10" prints
Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo  amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
Light in hand, loud in ear, easy to use functions
Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix.
small and sleek, great reception and clarity, withstands beating, reasonable price
good picture quality, easy to use, handy moon light shot in dark places
Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
Manual controls empower you to be creative.
phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
Inexpensive
Lightweight, portable, clear sound
ease of use, rugged appearance, comes with 2 programs
lightweight and fairly compact
Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
size, cool factor, big screen, features
very good camera
NON
None
Everything you NEED
Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text   e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
Great basic phone
long life, ink cartridges last long
For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
easy to use, see pictures instantly and delete ones you don't want
Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
Takes incredible pictures
Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
Ease of use and small size
Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
Lights on the front
Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
Absolutely nothing
slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
Outstanding color reproduction.
overall design, options, color
Interchangeable lenses.  Compact flash format.  Lots of bells and whistles.
Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
Reliable, solid
great print quality
Price, quiet, fast
Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up.
Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
Excellent quality and value for money. Easy to use and surprisingly robust. Good zoom.
Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
Light, small, powerful
unrivaled digital image quality
Convenient, easy to use, good photos
Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
It takes pretty good pictures.
Good buy, practical
fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
astonishing looks, compact and light weight
thin, light, color, web, email, GPS, flip phone
Great picture quality
Smokes competition
Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
speed, footprint, print quality
RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
Good emergency phone
Accurate Color
Inexpensive, easy to use and fold
Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
Cute camera, great color representation
battery life, look (sleek), small
Three-way calling, vibrating mode, free calls after 7:00 p.m. and on weekends
Price performance ratio
Quality, Price, Ease of Use
Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
overall quality
Picture Quality  amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
Nothing really amazing here
The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
Inexpensive at the time
Just wonderful
Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
Great print quality, affordable
Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
economic
TV cable, big LCD,
Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
long battery life, extremely good product design
Supreme picture quality
Battery life, UI, features, price
inexpensive
Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
fast, sharp printing
build quality, size, voice dialing
nicely priced, color prints are very nice
This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
Graphics and clarity
Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
Good RF performance.
size, features, quality
Compact, handy.
quality, price, size
Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
fairly reliable with XP and linux
Good output, easy install, high reliability.
Size, weight, feel, dependability.
Excellent battery life.
Size, battery life, reception, useful extras.
Ease of use, durability, quality
Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
quality prints quickly
Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
When it works, Palm and phone in one device. Don't recommend to a friend.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
Good paper feed
Inexpensive, high quality, features
Disk switch out
Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
Battery life, Bluetooth, PC Suite, Features
very durable,great features.
Size, Features, Causes stares =)
simple, easy to use
Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
good plan and no roaming cost
Simple installation, brilliant results
inexpensive, easy to use at first
Ease of use, gootd picture quality
Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
Outstanding images, F-series quality
easy to use, self focusing, timer
Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features
It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
Awesome screen, form factor.
Fantastic photo quality printing, super speed.
beautiful pictures
Great print quality
Print Quality, Color Printing
Looks good, thin
Low price, decent prints, nice software.
Good Quality
everything is good except for the battery.
Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures.
High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
Highest print quality in its class.
Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
fast, great resolution
Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
VERY compact and awesome shell design
It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
Records directly to CD-R. Also doubles as CD burner, and video camera.
Lots of features, easy operation...
Easy to use, Idiot proof
Features, Compact Flash Type 2, Camcorder Style Battery
Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
Great Text And Photos
Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
It is a pretty color and it is very compact
Camera, bluetooth, can view video clips, melodic ringtones, voice recording.
Neat looking, good quality prints and very easy to use.
technology, cool features
economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
There is always a network problem.
Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
great photo printing
Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
does everything. 30 page feeder is very useful for home copies
Cheap, fast, low ink costs
Cheap, Nice Quality
as small as the regular elph.
cheap, light, small
Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
great price, easy to use, great pictures
Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery   of course, the blue backlight
Great B amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
Take great looking pictures with ease
Size, Color, Flip-compact design
High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
Color print quality,price,ease of use
Good print quality, good price, decent configuration options
cheap
Ease of use and quality of pictures
Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
price, flash, easy to use
Too many to list!
Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
PTT is great, provider service is good.
Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
Small, sleek.
Uses 3.5 floppy
Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
Swell buy for the price,
currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
Personal Features, Size,and Price
SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
A great all in one machine for the small office!!
Very user friendly
Its a color printer, scanner, fax  amp; copier  all for the price of one!
Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
Great features in a small phone.
good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
Clear large screen
Easy of use and quality
Cheap, friendly interface.
Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
2880 for under $100.00
quality
Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
Great picture quality, fantastic zoom and small size
Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
handy, high quality pictures
Lightweight, compact and stylish
Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
features, price, size
Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
Great picture quality, easy to use.
nice quality
MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
Outstanding white balance, contrast adjustment, and noise reduction options, reasonable cost, and excellent images amp;#13; amp;#10;
Great for any type of paper
Great price, reasonable results
lt;b gt;Lightweight lt;/b gt; ~ 12 pounds!
quality, reliability and price
GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
Easy to use, good quality pictures
Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
Lexus of Mobile Phones
Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage
Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
Built like a TANK
Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,
Great Camera with features for the Beginner and Professional!
Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
very good phone   battery
Easy-to-read LCD, voice-dialing, stylish
Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality.
Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
Internet Friendly
Excellent camera for a great price!!!
lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
Looks, color
Really cool looking, small
Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
Takes great pictures, is very convenient, and even takes video clips with sound.
Great price
great printing quality, great ad features
small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
Nice color screen.  Easy menu. Good size. Nice backlight.
light and small, features, looks, price
cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
Quality VS Price = Awesome
lots of useful options
Inexpensive, Good picture quality
Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
Free, looks cool, alot of features
photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
Easy to use, light weight, lots of options, rechargeable batteries,
Ease of use, installation, size, price.
fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
Small, lots of features, nice screen, external caller ID, reception
feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
compact, long battery life, clear screen
Ink last quite long
cost effective, fun  amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small  amp; elegant, fast
Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
compact size  amp; settings galore
Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
Ease of use
Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
good looking, light weight
Easy to use, floppy disk storage
Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
Prints fast, clean text, easy setup, great for envelope printing
Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix
Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
Small, light weight phone
Good quality printing
Quality photos and very versatile.
Long battery life, free from Suncom, capable of receiving text messages
Small, flip phone, 1-line screen on outside
Durablility.
Great pictures, price
Battery life, Flash
Everything in one nice package
it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
Great Price!
versatility
Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR  amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
Easy to program, prepaid option
Good pictures.
stuff
Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
nice capabilities
value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software,
Very simple to use, nice small size.
easy to use
Can do just about anything
Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
Reliable
Cheap Cheerful and Small
Very small; tons of features; no special battery required for vibrate mode.
Sleek great phone
easy to use
Small, compact
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
Color Screen, Games, WAP Browser, Polyphonic Ring Tones, Price.
Georgeous photos
Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
Amazing pictures
great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
The camera is okay
Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
price. ease of use
Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
Everything
Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
Spacey-great for big trips  amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
Easy to use and reasonably priced.
Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
Full of well organized features.
Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
camera phone   it was free,
Quality of printing
Size, quality, features
Good quality, fast and quet
Slick unit, great features and ease of use
Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.
Price, size, ease of use.
LCD Display, size
inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time.
Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
Decent resolution
Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
Nice phone, feels durable.
The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
USB-based, efficient, good quality color
small
Low cost, ease of use.
easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
Compact design, easy to use, lower cost than some PDA phones, belt clip
Slim, compact, outside display
Easy to use
Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
High Quality Cheap Price
simple setup, fast, well designed
Size of printer, quality print
Ease of use, software installed without a hitch.
Good features when it worked
PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer)
Price, Features, Usability, USB
Quality, quiet, and affordable
Quick, Easy to install and use
Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
quality, warranty, flexibility
Easy to use
good to travel  with
size, looks, classic interface
Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
Good Value, Expandable, Fast
Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
easy to use, good quality photos
Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
Nice set of features. Easy to use.
Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
Integrated palm pilot
5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG
A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
flip phone, external display, large color screen
Key lock, great volume, good battery life
Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
Good size, phone features easy to use
Print Quality
Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
Small, great photos, easy to use.
Keypad, features, price,
Wickedly long standby time
Excellent printer with good quality
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use
great print quality, great price
Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
Cheap, easy to use
Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
High quality, easy to use, reliable
PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
Tri-Band Coverage
Great digital images for little effort.
Almost everything
Fabulous picture quality, compact
Reception, battery life, menus
Memory storage is huge
holds lots of pictures
Simply gorgeous borderless photos
Quick printing, styling and easy buttons
Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
great photo quality
Price, large LCD, Easy operation
Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's
Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim  amp; Re-Size function
small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
Good RF Performance.
Inexpensive, high quality
Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
easy to install  amp;amp; takes up little desk space
Battery life
Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
Great cam, good color
Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
Price, light weight
5 Point Harness. Easy folding. Great for small children all the way up to pre-teens!
Usability
Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
10x Zoom, One touch White Balance, Size.
small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
5 Megapixel, fully manual or auto, nightshot, 4x optical zoom.
Size
Fast, Quiet, other things
Multi mode operation
Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
$, quality, functionality, durability
initial print quality
Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
Fast, reliable, versatile
decent photos
easy to use
printer, copier
reasonable price and compact in size
Simple, stylish package
sony mavica's the best product for the money
Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
Non
QWERTY Keyboard, Nokia durability, long battery life, easy to operate.
Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
great picture quality, price, advanced features
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
can pull in a signal where others can't.
small, 5 pixels
Print is crisp and clear
reliable and economical in the long run
Quality, Fast, Easy, Good for Photos
very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
Ease of use, reliable and durable
See Below
2 amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
records to floppy, long zoom, mpeg record capability, LONG battery life.
Color phone, easy phonebook, text messaging, web (easy to use), You get one free ringtone download, easy to customize, very few lost calls, can take a beating ( threw it around like my car keys), can download whatever song you want with GET IT NOW (ringtones, wallpapers), voice dialing, easy to figure out all options, good service,
Price, photo print quality, ease of use
AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
Low cost, Good output.
Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
Excellent photos
Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket
Incredible imaging
Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
very easy to use
lightweight, attractive
Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
convenient, quality pics, long battery life
This camera is very easy to use, while the quality is high.
Great pictures, lots of storage.
Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
Easy to use, uses floppy discs
price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
inexpensive, fun, easy
Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
Image quality, features vs price
unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
Great pix, easy to use
Takes excellent photos, effortlessly! amp;#13; amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks.
pda and phone in one
Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality  amp; Reputation
picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
Looks, audio clarity, battery duration, handsfree/radio, suits my requirements.
-MP3 Player
Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
Cheap, cute.
Light weight #13; #10;Sexy #13; #10;rare #13; #10;glows nicely
Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
Extremely feature rich, excellent photo quality, and 6x optical zoom!
Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
Size, Resolution, Coolness
Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
good price, decent photos, very easy to use
Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
Price
Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
Reclines, Padded seat
SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
The print quality is great
Pretty phone and graphics
Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
really great quality printing
Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
Larger format, fast when it works
low price, great if used every day
TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
Ease of use
3G, Color screen, Get It Now
"Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
A very inexpensive, professional camera
high resolution, excellent features, compact size
Design, excellent voice-quality, great FM stereo, presence of most basic features
Easy setup and connection, nice quality print, looks good,low cost
Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
Navigation stick, Price
Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
High speed, Photo quality print
Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
I loved it, it was small, cute and had great colours.
Sharp print and beautiful color images
Good features, durable, stylish.
easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
Packed with features, great style, light weight
Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
Quality, Speed
sturdy, good features
Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
Good speed, runs quiet
cheap, good software
Good for inexpensive snapshots
Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
Very good price and photo quality
Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
quality output, easy to use, affordable, great HP support
Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
Small, Cheap
Everything
Cheap
Good quality print
Size, looks, sound quality
Excellent printer at a great price.
dependability, price, ease of use
Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
-Camera and Video
High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
Price, Quality, USB
Slim, small design. Color choice. Digital capable. Expanded phone book. Antenna angled to reduce radiation
great price,good quality
Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
Sound quality, compact size
Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
Easy to use, set up, functional
4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
Nice looking and long battery life
Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
Lightweight, easy to fold
Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
high powered, compact, style
Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
Nice screen, good quality images, decent battery life
Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
Easy to Use, Share Photos
Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use  amp; It's An HP!
great pictures, great resolution, great storage
print quality, ease of use
cheap
Good quality at a fair price
Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
Great photo quality
sleek, elegant, great features
Infrared support
Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control
Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
Kicky design, quality performance
fast, great color
Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
Multi band, good for rural areas that do not have GSM coverage.
Photo Quality, Size, and Price
Size and weight, features, screen quality
Good quality, good speed, affordable
Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
one handed folding; pretty light
One device, anywhere in the world
Speed,print quality,robust build. Economical ink system
Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
Flash?
Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
color, games, good sound quality, lightweight.
true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
Small size, easy to use, stylish
Light, easy-to-use, stylish
use of floppies means no cables
Easy to use, good color and quality
easy to use, great quality
ok storage, like the baby carseat snap-in feature
Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
Nothing
Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
Initial price
voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
Supported in over 123 Countries, Long Battery Life, Great Reception
Size, Weight, Clarity
CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
Good reception
compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
Not very heavy
Small, lightweight, big capacity, simple to use
tripod wheels, easy to push on all terrains.
Durability, size, menus
great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color
good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
No film cost
Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
Easy to operate
EVERYTHING
Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
Takes great pix, tech support came through
Good picture quality and price
Easy to use, decent quality pictures, good features for the price.
sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour
Very user friendly, almost no learning time required.
Screen is easy to read.
works with the touch of a button
Cheap
Best for the money
High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
Good resolution, and features
Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
Decent color printing
durable, compact, good battery life
Affordable and Functional
Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast.
Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
Good price, easy to use, good B amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B amp;W printing
Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
Rugged case, PTT Capability
Great look and value
Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
Great pictures, lots of features, price
Features
small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
Multi-band and multi-mode phone
EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
price, lcd screen, flash
Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls
Just the photo printer for me given the price
Small, lightweight, easy to use.
Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
Pocket-size, weatherproof, visually cool, crisp shots
Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
Cheap, light-weight and small!
mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
Easy to use.  Excellent photographs. Light, sleek, sexy.
*Voice recording. #13; #10;*Strong vibration . #13; #10;*Small size . #13; #10;*Shortcut button .
Excellent Images
Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
Part of a computer package deal
lighted keyboard, big screen, easy numeric keyboard.
reliable and lightweight
Excellent Photos
Good Reception and solid.
Price, lightweight
Good Text, Excellent Color  amp; Builtin Card readers.
Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac  amp; Windows
Nice display
Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
Nice slim design   cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
Takes GREAT pictures, nice price, love the software.
Great camera, excellent pictures!
Easy to Use
Good lens, TONS of features, good battery life-SUPER EASY FILE TRANSFER!!
Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
Good reliability/reception, great audio/music, decent cameras/battery life, good txt/multimedia/internet capabilities
Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
style, weight, appearance
Completes four functions from one machine.
Low price
Easy to use, good picture quality
a great phone most of the time
Screen is bright. Better camera
Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
Easy to operate
great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small,   fun fun fun
solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
good menu interface, durable, no static, #13; #10;can fit in pocket
Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
Internal   external displays
VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
good print quality, not very loud, and small enough to keep out of the way
A well built, reliable, professional tool.
Size, features, Marine Pack option
Good talktime, Lotta features.
Great picture quality. Compact size.
Huge storage space, big wheels make travel through parks easy
Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
Outstanding display, Great voice quality, Many Features
Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
Price
Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
Excellent Print Quality
Great earpiece volume
cheap price, ease of use
Excellent Image Quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Solid Build amp;#13; amp;#10;Automatic lens cover amp;#13; amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
Good quality prints!
Good performance
Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
Very portable  amp; durable, excellent image quality
Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
picture quality and battery power
I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.
Small Size
Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
Great design, small in size, simple to use
Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
Very nice text and photo printing.
Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
Convenient, durable, easy to wash
Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
Nice size, clear screen.
Produces beautiful photo quality prints.
Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
Overall Quality
Sleek style.
Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
Still thinking here
Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom,
Has a great color internal LCD screen.
Small size, great features, good quality
Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Quality, ease of use, zoom
Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
Dual band, easy to use
great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
Web-enabled, short message service enabled, good voice quality, low price
take a picture of anything at whim; people are always surprised at the image quality when you show them the watch display; stores 100 pix on board, and beams to palm and desktop
Great signal, durable, compact
reliable, easy to use
Easy to use
Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
No rushing to the store for film
Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
Good price, Above average print quality.
Great quality printing for an affordable price.
Slides smoothly.
Excellent large prints
Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
Very comfortable
beautiful print quality
Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
super quality machine and so far has the HP reliability
GREAT picture quality
Quick, great resolution
Affordable
Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
Prints great quality papers
Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
Size, transmission and reception of calls
small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
None
cheap, battery life long, lots of toys
Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
style,not overloaded with useless features
workhorse that doesn't give up
Easy to use, looks nice, small   light, just a great phone.
Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
Great price on refurbs
good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
Mobil Web
Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
Doesn't misfeed
simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
Floppy storage
Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
GPRS, Bluetooth, ability to upload Java programs, great reception and battery life, good menu, solid
Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
EVERYTHING IS GREAT
Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
takes great pictures with no learning curve
Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
great photo and text quality, photo cartridge
Stylish, elegant.
Super quiet 2 sided printing
Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
price and ease of use
Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
grrrrreat photo quality
small-but bigger than 8260, #13; #10;good button feedback, #13; #10;easy to read screen, great sound
Extremely easy to break down
Great pics, no waste.
Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
price, 3x optical zoom, ASA-speed, panorama, vid clips
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
It's small and it's cheap
Easy to use
communication capabilities, MP3 ringtones, extensive support from Sonyeric enthusiast community, value4money.
price, quality and ease of use
Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
Ease of use, floppy disk storage medium
good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display   very customizable.
Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
Great performance, sleek design, tons of features, excellent color display.
Floppy disk media, smart flash, great value
Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
Sharp color display, Excellent Sound, WorldPhone, useful Organizer, Great Camera, simple menus, Bluetooth, Stylish.
Lightweight
good options, small, great battery life
Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
Fast, quiet and good quality
Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
bright lights, easy to read screen
Size.  Size.  Size.
nice imaging capabilities
Good photo quality
Great Quality and Affordable
ergonomics, pretty
Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
cheap
convenience, ease of use
Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
Clear screen, small
NONE!!!
So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
great pictures/ease of use
Great Overall Printer
size, light weight, ergonomics
Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
Light weight, good features great battery
SO stylish, AWESOME features!!
Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures,
Good price
battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
Pretty, lightweight, cheap
Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
Compact amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to use amp;#13; amp;#10;
Small, flip phone, easy to use
compact and light, wonderful pictures, easy to use
Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
none
Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
Memory
Dependable
cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
Quality of Image, Ease of Use
Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
Print Quality is great / Real easy to follow instructions!
Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
when it charges I loved the phone and its options
hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
small size, large lcd, and fits in any pocket.
Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges.
Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
Good printer, great prices.
color screen, great reception, small and compact
perfect prints! Fast printing
Small, compact, fits in pocket
Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
Color display, blue backlit keys...
Ease to use ...
Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
Outstanding print quality; fast
Small,Easy to use
Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
great for close-up shots
Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
See Review for product comparisons
Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
Ultra-compact, solid built metal body, big LCD, great picture quality
Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
Less maintenance cost than other printers; high quality rep
BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
Ease of use, easy to set up.
Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
Durable, Easy to use
HP name, small footprint, low price
small, cheap
Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
Speed and Print Quality
bluetooth, color screen, good price.
Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
good size, well laid out controls
Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
Nice price and easy to use
Size, Picture Quality, Price
A decent phone with some unique features!
Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
Very versatile, compact, easy to use
Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
High Quality at a Reasonable Price
Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
Sometimes, it works
Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
priced for value
TINY, good battery, decent price, excellent menus, QUALITY construction, faceplates
Availability
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
Flip up 2" LCD screen, amp;#13; amp;#10;Long battery life, amp;#13; amp;#10;USB transfer
Price and quality
Price, Product
Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
better than no printer at all.
Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
Color, fast, ease of use
Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included)
Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
None!
Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
Simply the best home ink jet there is
Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
small, easy to use, versatile, features
Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
picture quality, ease of use
Virtually everything, except...
small, light, sounds clear
Fabulous printer in my estimation
Very easy to operate and install cartridges
Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben   Jerry's flavors
Everything!
Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
Ease of use
Lightweight, great picture quality at an affordable price
Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
design, size, weight, features, display
The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
Price, Resolution Output
Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
Great print quality and speed
Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
great image, ease to use
Very Good Price
Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
thetic
great quality printing, great price, many fun features
Excellent printing time
A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
Good concept
Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
smooth ride
printer, copier and scanner all in one amp;#13; amp;#10;
Reliability, color, dpi
zoom, fast, size, design
Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
Nice printing quality, affordable
Low Price, Good Quality
High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
Size, Weight, Ease of Use, Its worldwide use
Very durable. Stands up to abuse
GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
Nice looking.
size, price, image quality, ease of use
awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
Takes good pics, camera flip phone
Decent printing quality
decent printer
Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
Easy to use, great features, light weight, excellent rendition.
Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound,
sturdy, great picture quality
image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
Good printing quality
WAP web browsing capabilities
Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
Inexpensive
Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
all plus pictures, ease. controls
Size   Weight, Battery Life, cool features
Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
Size is definitely good
So Many Features, Lightweight
Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
Top of the Line - Will Last Forever
compact,nice looking,very good photos
Great Camera
Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
Relatively Compact
Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
Quality, Speed, Price, Cost
Price, Weight, Durability and performance
Very easy to use and not very complicated
Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
Small, light, no antenna, great alarm clock, vibrator.
Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
Easy to use and takes nice pictures
Fast and trouble free
Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
Great quality for it's price!
Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
High quality output and price
You can save money by not buying film for this camra
Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
Ease of use
Price, great prints, PIM option
Price friendly and print qualtiy
Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
great for kids amp;amp;e-mail
Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks.
Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
Excellent value, small size, macro feature
Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
Durability Poor Design
Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
Web Enabled, no antenna, small, changeable faceplates, ect...
Lots of features, lots of battery life
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Print quality.
Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
light weight
Compact, Easy to Use, LCD Screen provides great previews
Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
Small size, quality images, easy of use
Easy to use; Good quality pictures
Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
Great for those who need something at or near the top of the line.
Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
cheap, reasonable quality
silent and quick for a personal use
price, easy installation
Great quality for the price.
Looks really effecient
large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
Inexpensive way to take digital photos
Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
Excellent photo quality, ease of use, EVF
Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
small, and CUTE
A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing,
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
Love the motionless zoom!
Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
Easy to use
Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
Ergonomics and swivel LCD
Quality text display
lt;b gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional. lt;/b gt;
Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
It can survive a high degree of abuse
Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
cheap, easy to use
Easy to use, good picture quality.
Nice, sleek design, fits in the palm of your hand, ergonomically designed, plus cool features...
10-20x zoom is AWESOME
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Cool design and good sound quality in polyphonics(MMF).
Fair print quality
Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
Great photo-quality high res prints
Size, quality or pictures, ruggedness
Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
cost.
Great Storage Capacity, Easy USB Setup, Weight And Feel Of An SLR.
Print anything
Cheap thrills, small size
Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
Compact, 3x optical zoom, 5MP, easy menu driven handling, simple image transfer to PC process
It worked fine during the warranty period
Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
small, thats about it though
Extremely sharp details
Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
Small, decent price, good pictures.
Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
It is a mobile telephone, you can make calls on it.
Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
Great pics, ease of use.
fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
Great pictures, Cost
Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
Slick looking.  Easy video   camera features.
The black and white printing
Quality, speed, ease of use, price
powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
Easy to use, great software
Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product.
Small, light, simple, pockatable
Good macro photos
great picture
Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
dwedwe
portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
Very easy to use, easy to close
Good price, 4X zoom, can start "basic" picture taking quickly
The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper.
built in memory, low price, zoom
Great Camera...Takes great Photos
Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
Cheap...easy to set up and use
small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
Many Features
quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
It was free.
Small, point and shoot and nice looking
Cheap
Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
Superior quality for the low cost
nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
the actual printer is cheap
Sound Quality, Appearance
By far the best features and accessories for the price
versatile, easy to use, pretty good print quality
Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
Great picture...nice and compact
easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
cheap, good pictures
Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
NONE
It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
A low price entry into digital photography.
Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good.
Many features, flexible use, good pictures
EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast,  amp; quiet.
Easy to use, USB interface.
it fits anywhere
QWERTY keyboard
really really good quality
Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
Color quality and ease of use
Small, easy navagation, easy volume control.
Overall design, features and battery life
Takes beautiful detailed pictures and movies!
Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
Price, lightweight  amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
long battery life
Small when folded, rear step for older child
good value, good quality
Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
Small, long battery life, easy to use.
Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
For the price, it is a great printer
Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
Not bad price for a zoom camera
Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
everything
Easy amp;#13; amp;#10;Decent quality
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
Portable and easy to use
Size, clamshell design, holster
Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,
great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom,
stylish, voice activated dialing
Amazing quality for a non- amp;quot;Photo amp;quot; printer
tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
Convenient, easy to use
very easy to use; excellent picture quality
Lots of promising features, but...
Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution  amp;#13; amp;#10;
10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
Long battery life
Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
Features, price, picture quality
Takes great pictures
size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
Perfect for the internet, no cords or flash cards
none
Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
Great Pictures
Useful cardboard box
Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT T
Bluetooth, Color display, Sync Capability, Price, Battery Life
easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
great potential pics
great pictures, small size
Very small and light
GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.
high resolution, great for photos
good unit
Small size, good features, and that Star Trek factor :-)
Size, customizability, lots of features
Durable and easy to program.
Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
Easy Disk Capability
Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
Display easy to read
Fast, good printing for most applications
size, quality
Clear deep images
very easy to use, great quality for the price
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
simple to use, attractive packaging
external display, size
Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
Good color and graphic clarity.
portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
PERFECT
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
good price
Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
Light for the quality
Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
high quality with a low price
Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
easy to use, great quality
Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
Small, light, great features
Good size, cheap price, nice interface
Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
compact, inexpensive, simple
OK Printer for student/1st time user
Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
easy to manuever,  folds easily, attractive
Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
Great price and features
Built like a brick.  You'll need a hammer to break it.
Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
small, very nice looking, and clear
Convenience.
Very Very Lightweight
Inexpensive to purchase
Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
Good Looking, Small Size
lightweight, screen on front cover
adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
Lightweight and small
Good Quality, reasonable price
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Great size, Great Pictures, Nikon quality
Ease of use and image quality
Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
Speed, quality, color, price
Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
easy to use,durable, long battery life
Clear pictures, great for the money
High Quality-Professional Features
Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
Changeable faceplates
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
A3, very fast
Superior print quality, cheaper ink
Snake is a lotta fun
Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
Numerous features, color screen, light
Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
It fits in small purses nicely...
Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
No problem whatsoever.
Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
More features than most cameras in this price range.
it's a small two-in-one package
3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body,
Durable, battery life, features
Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
awasome cell phone.two way.
Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
cheap, easy to install on windows
Easy to set up, sharp pictures
great phone for a low price!
Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
small, caller ID on outside of phone, tri-mode
What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
Very versatile
Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
Quick, easy to use.
Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
Speedy, quiet, versatile
used to make really good copies
You can make a call, generally.
A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality.
Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
Low cost for media and ease of use
large seats and basket, lightweight
the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric
Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.
amp;quot;big kid amp;quot; and newborn can ride together
easy to use, saves to floppy
Ergonomic, inexpensive, brand name, great zoom, many features!
4800 dpi Color, Scanner 600x19200 dpi  36-bit, Fast Copier, Less Desktop Space
Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
Light weight, durable, easy to use
Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
Was free when we signed up.
Image Quality
Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
interface, compatibility with earlier models
great zoom lens
NO film developing
Nice Color quality
sleek design, features
Price, Features, Size, Compatibility, Durability, Customizable.
Lightweight, convenient
Takes up little desk space, easy install
Easy to use, portable, efficient  amp; entertaining
Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
Small, thin, great battery life, good overall design.
Price
Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
Superior Print Quality; amp;#13; amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price; amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of Installation amp;#13; amp;#10;
Speed, Quality, Reliability
Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
*Many functions amp;#13; amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
Great Pictures, easy to use
Very nice camera, very affordable
Price, general image quality, ease of use, looks great
clarity and resolution, video output,
Great Pictures
Very good product
Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
Beautiful photos all the time
Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
small, great design, quality pictures
SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
Numerous features, size, and weight
Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
inexpensive
Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn!
Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries
For the month or so it works, it works well.
Fast, cheap, great quality
The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
Small, Cost efficient
Great lens, spot meter, night picture,  good color rendition except flash
The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
cheap
Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
See Opinion
Price and 1 Megapixel
Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
Stylish,sexy,cool
quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
Price, ease of use
Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
Great screen
really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
floppy disc system, zoom
Very easy to use
Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
Intended functionality.
Great print quality; Reasonable price
Easy to carry and protective from scratches
User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
Reliable, inexpensive to print.
Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
inexpensive camera, good for first time digital camera owners
Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
Quality and Value
Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
They've stopped making them.
Cheap and compact, simple
Easy to use
Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera!
Perfect photo prints; large-format paper capacity, up to 13x19 inches!
More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
Print Quality, Low Noise Level, Cost Of Use
super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
Great Features and Quality from Fuji
Light weight.
Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
size, appearance, and  quot;everyday quot; features
Great little camera, sharp pictures
Small size, good resolution
Large screen, still/video camera, features aplenty
Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
Print job and Ink level monitor
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Excellent printing quality, photo quality great, easy setup, ink nonfading for 73 years!
Price, easy paper loading
Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
Very cheap!
When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful,
Small size, lightweight
Size, bluetooth capability
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Nice design, features, good reception
It Works!
Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
Extremely easy to start taking pictures right out of the box.
Tri band, cheap, good size
Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
Unbelieveably small and compact, yet a great camera.
Stylish, hot collectors item, SMALL
Good picture quality; compact
Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
Low cost.
carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
Great laser printer for a single user
nice LCD display. very simple to figure out how to operate without needing instructions.
Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.
No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
Price, ease of use, design
easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
Easy to use and small enough to go in my pocket!
Compact, bright crisp color photo, monitor playback
hot shoe, five megapixels, manual exposure, USB 2.0, very low noise levels, relatively quick ,
reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
great features, low price.
Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
size, weight
Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
Cheap, Uses inexpensive floppy disks
Cheap
Excellent reception
A  GREAT VALUE
Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Light, easy steering
Small and Compact
Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
The stand up feature
Unlimited Two Way Calls
inexpensive
Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
Great size, Love Call Screening, good looks, global capabilities
easy to use
LONG battery life, bright screen, sounds great, good range
The looks of the phone are stunning. Nice and small .
great pictures and easy to use
Very Quiet and Very Fast
Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
Very easy to use
Great pictures, easy to use
Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
easy to use, many available ring tones
Integrated vibrate alert, one-touch dialing, large address book, text messaging.
accessories
Fast, good quality
Versatility
compact, two way radio, great features
Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
Very inexpensive.
Will let you know how patient you are
Low cost
excellent quality
Price Vs Quality
Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
Fast Printing, great photo printing, can print directly from camera.
Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
Almost everything
Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
Great camera for beginers.
Very quality stroller
Good Price, Excellent Pictures
Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels.
Nothing
3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
Great phone to have...
High-quality images, easy to use
Cost, speed, ease of use.
Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
fast printing, good print quality, good price,
High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
Reliability, color print quality and speed, looks, small size, easy maintenance
Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
Great pictures, easy to use
Something to do during boring lectures.
Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
Looks cool, reasonable price.
Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
Able to delete and retake pictures instantly
Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
Nice,good size, fun games, great features
good features, appearance, price
Durable, easy to use, phone book
Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
It is convienant for transporting a newborn
Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
Small Size, Easy to use
Captures great photos, many features.
Voice activated, portable, flip style
Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
cheap, color and black at the same time
Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
Great value.  Excellent output quality.
A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
Features
easy to use
Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
good price, looks good, prints with great color, works well
If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
Excellent photo output.  Fast B amp;amp;W output.
cute
It takes pictures, easy to use
Best value for money
HP dependability, quality output.
Lightweight, easy to use in auto mode, great picture quality (SONY(R) lens),long battery life
Easy to use, great resolution
Floppy Disk
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
small, clear sound
Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
flexibility, creativity, ease of use
Easy to use with great pictures
A great camera overeall
High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
Easy to use, great software.
great quality
Good image quality
The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
Borderless, durable ink, USB  amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
Great price and quality
quality, speed
Cheap, durable
Large screen, clear reception
WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
cheap price; stylish; good software
Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
Extensive features, options, and accessories
long battery life, light weight
when it works, it's an ok camera for the price
Price, ease of use, photo quality
Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Good screen, has games and can send messages.
Beautiful, small, quality pictures
4,096 colors Display,
easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
quality pictures for the price
Easy to use, affordable
takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
Good resolution, small, portable
Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy
Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
lightweight compact design, ease of use
great combination of features for price
Low price, nice printing quality
picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish
InfraRed,
Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
price, speed, quality of print
Lots of features, LCD screen
read above
Good price-performance value., Everything included.
Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
Hahaha! Fast! Colorful!
Easy to use, great pictures, good price
Easy setup and operation
Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
The looks, camera, grip, nice arranged buttons, display,download tunes and wallpapers,compose ring tones.
viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
floppy disk memory medium
its pretty and takes nice pictures
Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
Quailty Photos
Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
Workhorse, never complains
basically none
small, cute, price
Fast USB connection, Can take  amp;quot;fast amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
size, price
Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
far cheaper than lots of film and developing
Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
Great Price, Good Pictures
Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
Quality photos, easy to use, price.
3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
Lightweight, long battery life, excellent signal strength
Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
Cheap Price, Lightness
Small size, Affordable, Print Quality  amp; Speed.
inexpensive
Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
Stylish design, great display screens, plenty of strong features.
???
Takes a nice picture.
Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
looks
Lightweight, small, easy to use, great pictures, awesome closeup pics.  Great little camera.
fast, durable, easy to use
Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
Great images, Total Control Over Settings
FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
4 separate ink cartridges
easy to use, colorful photos
Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
Came free with my computer, works OK
Very attractive design and blue screen
Good picture quality
quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
cheap
Price, sound quality, craftsmanship, features, customizable
Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
Looks, design, size
a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
small, good reception, color lcd screen
HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
cheapest phone offered by cingular
Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
size   weight  features   call clarity
Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
takes abuse, easy to use
Pretty small, battery ok; great with extended battery.  Multiple phone numbers for each phonebook entry.
Looks good, prints great
Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
Small and Light
Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
One of the best optical zooms  amp; easy to operate!
usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
Features, ease of use, photo quality
Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners. amp;#13; amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
Cheap - Lots of features for the price
Average Print quality
nice quality of prints
Absolutely None
Colorful Screen
Good pictures for the low cost, very easy to transfer pictures to PC
Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
Nice and small
PIM style phone book, Password protection
Price, Good Quality pictures
Sleek, Sexy Phone weighs next to NOTHING!
Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
Size.
Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
cost,, size, ease of use
Tiny camera with lots of big features.
sharp images, great color reproduction, neat features, intuitive interface
cost effective especially if you use 2-way,  nationwide service
Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
Backlight
Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
Simple to Use
Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
Simple installation, compatibility.
**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
Separate ink cartridges, fast
Features, size
Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
sturdy, great price, easy to use
Fast to download pictures into your computer
reception, battery life, speaker phone
FLASH PATH
cute and user-friendly
You can't kill it
Handy, simple to use
great colored screen, stylish, and compact
picture  amp; build quality. speed. video quality
Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
Great Name
small; easy to use
Can't beat it for the money.
Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
Small, durable, relatively inexpensive
works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B amp;W and color), small footprint
Small size, dual displays, great looks
Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
6x zoom, lightweight, compact, great software
easy to use takes great pics
no problems
Great picture quality, cheap printer!
Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
great print quality, easy to operate
Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.
Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
perfectly portable
Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
Simple, small, great reception.
Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
Canon BJC printers produce clear, clean prints.  Their rebate policy is reliable.
Ease of use. Excellent lens. Cheap storage.
Guess it's better than others
Nice features, excellent readability.
Numerous  quot;kool quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
reception durability
Very Fast...
Great print quality and speed
Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
Simple to Use; Affordable
Fast printing
5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
Nice and compact
Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
Picture quality, small, light.
Quality of output
User friendly; great reception; attractive in appearance.
Extremely dependable
Price, Print quality
Large screen, clear reception
Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
Small size, features.
STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
Easy to use great for all time use
Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
Price
Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
Great output, reasonable operating costs
The BEST
picture quality (if you read my review)
Cheap initial investment
Cheap, USB, simple to operate
easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
Lightweight  amp;amp; 10x
Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
great zoom, professional features
Excellent printing photos
Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
easy to use, superb picture quality, vast range of options and features
price, output quality
Very high quality at a low cost
Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
Many features, VGA camera with sliding lens cover, speakerphone, voice commands
Easy to use
Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
Picture, Simple
Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
Incredible ease with a few pointers
Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
Nice array of features, long lasting battery, no big problems
Light, stylish, easy to use
full featured including speaker phone
Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
Supplied software, USB connection, LCD screen, Digital zoom
light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
picture quality, size and appearance
Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
High resolution
You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
low price
Hi resolution and manual controls
LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
great sound quality, quality camera, customization
Small but big enough to hold in your hand
Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
Uses a computer disk instead of film.
Sturdy after being dropped.
GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
plenty of features
compact, lots of features, vibrator
user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
Compact, handy size
Fast, small, detailed images
Fast, easy to install, cheap
Ease of use
Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
Inexpensive
Good quality
Easy to understand and follow manual, easy to use camera and all its features, not too expensive to purchase
Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
Easy Floppy, Great Zoom,  amp;amp; Easy to use.
Very colorful and pretty.
It's small
Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
User friendly
Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
great photo quality
Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
Clear!!!!
The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
Small size.
Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
Great Quality of Photos
Cheap, good image quality
easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
Easy, great photos, many features
Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
great camera,
photo quality
Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
Easy to use,  convenient
Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
Compact, Flatbed scanner, Flatbed copier, Large inkjet cartridges
lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
Fast, clear printing.
High photo color quality at a great price!
Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
Batter life, ease of use
Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
Price zoom and features
Good quality inexpensive initially
Feature packed, Outshines Sony  amp; Canon!
Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
Good reception usually, very easy to use, works most of the time.
Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
Speed, quality of printing
Price, quality, size
nice thing to have around
size, weight, price
Good picture quality.  Tiny size.  Many features.
Great picture, great options
Package deals make it more affordable.
Takes Fantastic pictures !!!!!
You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
Very easy to use
size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
The printer is great at doing color and B amp;W prints.
Small and easy to use.
Size amp;#13; amp;#10;Picture quality amp;#13; amp;#10;Price amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of use amp;#13; amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
Compact, neat update on the swiveling lens design, 4 megapixel, excellent metering amp;#13; amp;#10;
Buttons, Size, Look, Sound Quality
Handy when it works.
High quality Print with low cost consumables
Display, sound quality
easy to use, great picture quality
lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
amazing picture quality at good value
good resolution, relatively fast.excellent photo printing. a work horse.
small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
Great price, excellent performance and value
Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
Navigating the phone directory, ease of use
easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
Excellent quality pictures
size and easy to use
Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
Easy to use, good quality output, compact
EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
It was cheap with the rebate
Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
Nice picture
Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
It's a flip phone big deal.
Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
Great phone
Compact, protected lens cover
great pictures quality, good usability, light
clear quality printing, price
lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
CLICK BUTTON WORKS!
Good print quality.
Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
display, design, features
Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
great resolution, usb transfer
Price, size, durability
You are able to talk to people!!!
UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
Cheap printer
cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
inexpensive, excellent print quality
nice features; easy to use
Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
Easy, strong and dependable
weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
very light weight
Quality, recording on disquettes
Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
super easy to use, very good quality photos
I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
Low cost
Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
Handles beautifully, lightweight
Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
Ease of use and low long range cost
Supports large paper sizes
Everything about it
Cheap, durable, decent quality
Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens,
Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
Great features, small package
Speed, cartridge life, price
Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
easy to use, floppy
Solid software/drivers; very very fast
Nice Size, Tons of Cool advace features.
Easy to use.
Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
Size makes it easy to have with you always.
Great quality photos.
Lighter-weight
none
Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
Small, easy menu, like the flip
speed, quality
Ability to hold onto signal... :)
Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
Print quality and speed
Ink life, hardware reliability
great resolution, fast B amp;amp;W printing, affordable
Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
None
Jack of all trades...
Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
Lightweight, portable
Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
Great Pictures!
Cheap, Good Quality Printing
No film developing, environmentally sound
decent printer for the price
it's an HP
grat camera
None come to mind.
Great pictures, Very easy to use.
Great resolution, excellent zoom
Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
look, price
Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
Price, quality of printing
Full professional digital SLR
Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
Great quality, excellent software
easy to use, affordable
Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
Inexpensive, Great value.
See Review
Use frequently, great phone!
An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program.
Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
Great price, high quality pictures, very fun to play with.
Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
small size, build quality
Compact, light weight, very affordable for the picture quality, 8mb of internal memory
Speed and Quality
Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
simple to use, has most of the necessary features
Ease of use; instant review; inexpensive
Lens and beautiful pics
Price, lots of pictures.
Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
Good quality photos, price
Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
Very easy to use, high quality pictures at a great price
Ease of operation
High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
Takes excellent quality pictures, only 3.34 megapixel camera on market under $500
The screen is fine.
get the prints you want
Durable, can be dropped. #13; #10;Awesome speaker, great sound. #13; #10;Good reception. #13; #10;Good button placement.
Excellent Photo Quality
Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
new age photography
fast, accurate, and clean!
Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
Cheap.
Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
small size,quality photos.
Picture Quality,  amp;#13; amp;#10;Ease of use,  amp;#13; amp;#10;Battery Life,  amp;#13; amp;#10;Features (not just point and shoot)
Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
can be used as a web cam
Very good output quality
Easy to use
Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
See list of 10
Perfect physical size and user interface.
After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.
Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
Great quality, easy to use
Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
Floppy disks
Lots of features, fun to use
Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
Phone, MP3, FM radio in one #13; #10;QUERTY keyboard #13; #10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
Easy to use, small, good quality
Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Durable, All the right features
Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
Durability / Customer Service
Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
The quality, flash modes, movie mode, look, ease of use.
Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
Small, Metal
Great signal strength in rural areas, nice display, able to put pics on phone
size, great quality images, 16MB media card, several shooting modes, manual overrides available
Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
inter-changable faceplates, inexpensive yet high quality, many features
Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durable Long Life Inks.
comfortable, cleans up nicely
Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
Compact, versatile, easy to use.
Good Price, Ease of use, many features
Small, well located controls, viewfinder  amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
Small, cute.
lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
Good combination of features/price/quality
easy to install, fast printing
Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
Durable, cheap
megapixel quality, easy to use
Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory.
great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
Clear and crisp text  amp;  pictures for the money
CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use
Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
Price and maybe size
Easy to use; high quality pictures;
Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
Easy to use, small, nice metal case
Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
Lightweight, easy to open and close
At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
Easy to install  amp; use. Low $$ good output
Nice colored case if you like beige
About the only advantage is it's small size.
Camera + Phone!
Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
Size, Performance, and Quality of print
Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
*Easy to Use amp;#13; amp;#10;*Durable (Doesn't feel Cheap) amp;#13; amp;#10;*Great Pictures amp;#13; amp;#10;*Great Battery Life amp;#13; amp;#10;*Nice Menus
3.2mp, excellent ergonomics/usability, easy to use but advanced functionality
Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
Reliable and Solidly Made
Great phone, durable, great reception.
Less costly than buying all functions separately
Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
Great idea!
Nice multifunction machine for the price
Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
Easily to use as compared to other Digital Cameras
A speedy printer, basic and economical.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.
Small, lightweight, digital
size, features, blue light
small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy.
excellent printer for the money
Very fast, quiet printer
Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
LCD is sharp, great image quality
Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
Great up close pictures
Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
High print quality/great price!
simple and easy to use
Small size, relatively easy functions
Reliable and inexpensive
Price, quality
Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
Floppy disk
Easy to  use and to install on your PC
Great print quality
Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
Just about everything!
4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
Size,  sound quality, and appearance
Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
Great for any project. bright and clear
Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
Durable, Easy To Use
Small, lightweight, 8-shot burst mode, simple interface, easy USB sharing.
A crystal clear display, fool-proof. #13; #10;
fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
easy access phone book
The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
Has everything I need in a phone and  more
Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
lightweight, comfortable for child
Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
Light, reclining, comfy
There are no pros!!
HP quality, quiet operation
Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
Design, functionality and short learning curve
Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
build quality, easy of use, battery life
Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
price
very compact, and lightweight!
It works
easy to use, fun colors, unique
Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use  #13; #10;
Excellent build quality, great results
Lightweight and small
Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
two in one, small, sleek, sexy
Fast printing, pretty nice photos
Large, beautiful   colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
ease of use, picture quality
Easy to use, intuitive design
Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
Small size and good battery life.
Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
Nice compact Cellular Phone!
Excellent workmanship, amp;#13; amp;#10;compact, decent results
Durability and call quality
Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
Good price and aesthetically pleasing
User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
Small Size
lots of features and easy to use
Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
size,image quality
easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price
color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
Fast, Impecable Quality
easy to use, not too expensive
Compact size, Full size features
Beautiful screen.
light, easy to use
good software, lots of accessories
Price, great technical help
Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
Many different options
InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
Good quality pictures, easy to use
Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
very good picture quality
Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout
Value,style,convenience
Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
easy to use
Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
easy, small, nice looking phone
Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
Well designed hardware for use by young children
Being able to delete pictures as you take them
Size and Weight, awesome clear screen, amp;#13; amp;#10;
Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
none
color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
Vibrating Alert, Digital Service  amp; Caller I. D.
Portable, functional, extremely mobile
Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
Definitely future-proof!
Overall image quality
cute, easy to use
A very solid, reliable phone
Acceptable Quality Pictures. Decent amount of options.
The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
great
This system makes going anywhere with the little one simple in many different ways.
Super (the best) macro on the market.
A decent phone with some unique features!
Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
High Quality images
it is really easy to use. ,
easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
small, light
Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
could have a little more memory
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
cheap in price
Small, Light-weight, Expandable, Features
Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
price
internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
Awesome print quality, price, and speed
Lots of "big boy" copier features, posters, wallet pictures. Doesn't need PC.
small easy to carry around
Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
Better looking than a Nokia
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
A ton of features for a light price.
Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
easy to use, great pics, low price
compact, cheap great print quality
excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
This is a fun phone until it breaks.
On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use; amp;#13; amp;#10;Prints well amp;#13; amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
Easy to use feature loaded.
Price
Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
Lightweight
cost
long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
Easy to install. Easy to use amp;gt;
I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
steers easily with one hand, light weight
Easy to use
works well the first few months
Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
Quick and easy to use.
Tiny, good pictures
Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
Very light-weight, super-slim, high-resolution display, 3G compatible.
Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
Great pictures, nice auto settings
Fun and Functional
lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
Durable, light and easy to use.
-Clarity
radio
Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
Very small, nice pictures, great stills
Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
Small Well built
Great software, powerful functions.
Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
Radio, stylish professional looking, good reception, blue backlight, small and light
great price
Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls amp;#13; amp;#10;Great photos
Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know   love.
Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
Nice colors, safe car seat
Compact and sleek design, Lithium-Ion battery included, Good picture quality
Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
Great printer, low price
great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
sharp details, instant satisfaction
Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
Inexpensive two cartridge system
Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
attractive, well designed, intuitive,
Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
lots of features
Phone and PDA, size, long battery life
Excellent image quality, good battery life.
Sleek design, accessories, mail-in rebate
Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
Good color reproduction
Great battery life, excellent reception, good phonebook
Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
Uses floppy disks
Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
Compact and digital
price and quality
Best camera in all of their features.
Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
Very Easy to Use.
superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
convenience, affordable
Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
Choose between fully manual or auto operation. Nice low light viewfinder. Faster recycle between shots.
great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
compact, excellent quality, fun to use
Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
cost, easy to use
Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
Used to be a fine scanner
it just as good any others out there
Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
Easy to use - good first camera
good quality, see pictures in an instant
Ink costs, flawless printing
Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
Good voice quality and reception, high gadget factor for low price
inexpensive
Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
It's Free!
high quality small
Cheap
Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
Light small
Good speed, super quality, excellent features
Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.
easy to get started.. low cost
Price; Functions; Quality of Printing; Speed of machine;
Great Pictures  amp;amp; Room for Creativity
Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
Ease of use for novice and pro alike
Convenience, and quality,very seldom static
Cheap camera
Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
Small, lightweight, good reception
small, light, easy to use
Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
long battery life, good features
Price, Print Quality, Software
full functional dual purpose device
Features, Photo quality, size
Easy! interface!
Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
Great price, good pictures, easy set up
Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's.
priced right, easy to use, very durable
Strong audio quality and long battery life.
Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
cheap
Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
Easy to use. Good still shots on cloudy days.
Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
battery, RAW file format, quality of pictures amp;#13; amp;#10;
Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
It is a copier, fax machine, printer  amp; scanner all in one.
Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
Great inside shots. Flash works well.
Slim feature and good looking.
lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
Cute, Sleek, Versatile
Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
Good Quality Fast Easy to use
costs and print quality
ease of use, great software
Pics are good, easy to use
High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
small body, crisp images
stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
light, uses AA batteries, up to 16MB flash, floppy adaptor available for flash, macro and digital zoom
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
ease of use
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
Cool ring tones, easy to use
Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase.
Easy to operate.
Quick, unbelievable color photos.
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
Awesome price/performance!
easy to use, saves time and money
Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
Fast, reliable, not too expensive
Vibrations, Alarm, Soft keys, Small
Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
Great results, inks last long!
good action pics.
picture quality, convenient to use, price
clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
Durable, classy, good phone
price, automation and picture quality
Easy to use
Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
Easy loading, quality printing
best price, simple
snapshots, instant preview/review
Excellent photos, Easy to use, Long battery life, Quick
very high quality images, compact size
Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
EVERYTHING!
Price
Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
Extremely small and light
Ummmm...Errrrrr...
Inexpensive
Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
Amazing Battery Life and call quality
intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
Better than average color, excellent low light performance, nice optics.
Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
-
Small, easy to use, great pictures
Increased Zoom, Manual Focus
Everything
Huge phone book.
Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
small, light, nice colour display
VERY nice color and image quality.
Good picture, decent battery life.
The universal device, powerful, pretty
stylish
Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy
color screen, size, clarity, good signal
Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
Small, lightweight, great features
ready to use right out of the box
Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
Storage Medium
small! sounds good! sturdy!
Sleek, Cool options
Some what attractive design.
Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use  amp; download, MPEG movies
Small, quick and easy to shoot
Small and light weight.
Quality machine from a strong brand name
Small, compact, easy to use
Really great stroller
Size and digital quality
GREAT RECEPTION, LIGHT AND FLASHY. THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONE, WITH GREAT FEATURES.
east open, easy close
Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
Light, durable, lots of options.
Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
Has every feature imaginable!
Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
Lots of stuff
Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
Cheap, Picture it Software
Better reception than previous models #13; #10;Less flatlines #13; #10;Cheap #13; #10;Compact #13; #10;Lightweight #13; #10;Easy to use #13; #10;Newer games
Nice case
Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
see Key Features
Feature rich, solid build quality, great screen, design and feel.
Small and quick.
easy to use, easy to clean, rides smoothly,
Bluetooth, motion detection, excellent audio (RF) quality, battery life, price.
You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
Size
everything
Great battery life   convenience of speakerphone
Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software.  amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
Easy-to-use; Great pic quality;  amp;quot;SuperCool amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
Many features.
Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
4 and a half stars, ease of use, durability, photo quality, good pictures
Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
See pics before you save/print/email
Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
It works...
small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
small, durable, many options
Reliable and affordable
ease, convienence
Picture quality, small size, good looks
Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
size and reception are awesome
size!!!, easy to use, battery life
Easy to use.  Good photos.
Beautiful output
size
Takes great pictures  amp;amp; easy to use.
Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
Speaker phone
Great phone with cool features.
all around good phone
cheap and small
Descent price/battery life/camera.
free with AT T Wireless Service, good clarity
Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.
Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
the printing is a very clear..
Easily operated
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
Easy to use,Takes good pics,4x zoom,
Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
many features
Fast printing, 11x17 printing, low unit cost
print and scan quality decent
Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
Comfy for the kiddies
Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering. amp;#13; amp;#10;
faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
Nice displays, well thought out
Good phone when it not broken.
Bluetooth
cheap, fast and excellent printer
Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
size, features, image quality
good phone
Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
Long battery life
thin, looks nice
Seems well built
Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures.
compact and reliable
Battery Life
Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
Good
Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
inexpensive yet fully functional
Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
Ease of use, feature set, software included
Picture quality, size, easy of use
Coverage all over the planet. #13; #10;Very long battery life.
Great Price and Good Print Quality
Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
Price, Quality and Ability
great text, good price
Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
nice little and durable phone
Screen, Features, Quality
small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
nice new design, ease of use, flexible
inexpensive
Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
Fantastic camera for the price
Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
Best camera for the price
The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
Feature Rich, Great Size, Good Menu System
Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
small, 4 meg
Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
Picture quality, Size, Durability
inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b amp;w
Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
Easy to use
Easy interface, decent battery time
great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
Has an AC Adapter
Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
Good, inexpensive way to get into digital photography
Easy to use,  Great looking photos
value
light, compact, bright display, cheap
cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
several features, cute, portable
very easy and affordable to use
Can't think of one!
easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
It's cheap.
Sometimes it takes decent pictures
Excellent resolution, ease of use, and
Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
test
Cute design, price.
clear images, not to loud
petite, practical, picture quality
high quality, very fast, 2 sided printing
You can get it pretty cheap now...
Folds up, loud ringer  amp; it vibrates.
Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
Small
lots of nice options, easy to use.
Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
Separate ink tanks
Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
Connects to Mac and PC, Very Good Output For The Price
Lightweight yet durable, many nice features and excellent battery life!
Sleek, Simple
affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
Print Quality is good
Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
quality, ease of use
Free!(if you think that's a pro)
Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
Great print quality and quite too
Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
Voice ringer, bright display, many feature sets, smart button placements, quick phonebook searches
Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
Fast Crisp Printing
Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
You have it with you all the time  little 120X120 pixel pics are clear
Feature packed and fun to use
Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
Easy to use, features, downloads
quiet
Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras.  amp;#13; amp;#10;A+ camera!!
Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
Easy to carry, just point and shoot
good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
Many features, easy to use, stylish
Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
convenience
stylish
fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
Very easy to walk with. My Daughter loves it
Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
Brilliant lenses, amazing features, SLR-like design, AA-battaries, huge zoom.
Nice colors
Good Quality, Many Options
easy set up, does what it says it will.
good picture quality, small
Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
see op
Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
Lots of cool features
Appearance, Features, Accessories
Loudness
Picture quality, Twist body
This digital beauty is a gem!
low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
Quick. high quality
A decent phone with some unique features!
Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
ease of use, picture clarity, price
inexpensive Clik! media, 1.5 MP resolution, 2x digital zoom
Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
can do very basic digital photography
Inexpensive with loads of options
Optical  amp; Digital Zoom, up to 1600/1200 Res., USB connectivity
Very light and easy to use
Listed above.
lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
Cutting edge, reliable, efficient,   feature-rich
Print Quality  amp;amp; Reliability
Cool design and durability
Compact, easy to use, flexible
Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
Small, sleek, sexy
lightweight, durable, brand name
great photos, good movies
Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
Compact, takes great photos
Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
Price, Simplicity, Quality
N/A
Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
Very easy to use.
Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
Easy to program
Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
Size, battery life
Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
same features as v60c but 1/5 the price, voice-calling, 2-way text messaging, good battery
Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
Good for... NOTHING!
Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
Great concept
looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
Games, special rings
Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
Cheap, easy to set up and use, good results on several paper sizes.
Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
High Resolution, Good Zoom.
Cheap
Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
never used it don't know
Excellent Bang for the buck.
2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
still searching...
Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
good size, looks nice
8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
Moderate Price, 1600x1200 capable, feature rich
clear text, never jams
Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
Good price and print quality
Palm in cell phone in one!
Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
Ease of operation; in all phases, great pictures
Durable, decent battery life, nice physical design, web enabled   affordable.
Low cost, simplicity, extra features.
Good pictures, easy to use
Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
Ease of use, high quality technology.
Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
lots of features, compact size
Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
Quiet, fast, nice print quality
Easy, fun, inexpensive!
Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
great stroller
individual ink tanks, quality and speed
great pictures, unreal sound
It gives you excellent photo quality!
Good quality printing
Low cost, good quality, reliable
It is cool looking
new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
cheap
ease of use
features
Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
The screen, sound quality
Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
Prints well when it does print and color is good.
small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Easy to use.
Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
Price.
It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
good sound
Print documents  amp;amp; Pictures
Size, quality and ease of use.
Many functions usable from printer panel or computer. amp;#13; amp;#10;Good software included.
A lot of camera for the money.,
I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
Features, image quality
Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
cheap, high quality printing
Great pictures and features for the price
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
Delicately balanced color photos, simplified picture snapping, one-touch picture downloading, handsome camera body. ,
stable, smooth, many nice features
Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
SLR
price, set up, speed
Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
very small easy to operate basic functions
It is reliable
Too many to list
poor quality
Will fit in your purse
Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
hmmm?
Beautiful, accurate color; fast
Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
Great features
quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
Good features vs. price
Nice toy for the looks.
Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
price, quality, ease of use
Easy to use, good photos
A very well designed camera.
Looks pretty good...
Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
Slimness, durable construction
lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
Came with computer, good black ink printing, quick black ink print time
lot of features for the money
Small size, light weight, low price, pocketable
Many features, small battery
Small, great functions, nice pictures
compact and reasonable pictures
Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
Wonderful Camera
ease of use
It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
easy to use
Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
Small, packed with features, high  quot;sex appeal quot;
Looks like a camera
Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
Small, nice design, long battery life, features
Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
tiny, lightweight, ease of use
Speed, Functionality, Look
user friendly
Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
none
Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
Lightweight
Small size, picture quality
solid construction, small size, ease of use
Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
No comment
easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
Its cheap
Optical and LCD finders, user control
Cheap and runs economically.
Reception and durability make this Nokia 3589i the best that Nokia has made to date.
Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
easy setup, lots of storage
great price, best quality
cool looking
Lightweight, easy interface, small
Quality, Price
very sturdy
great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
Excellent picture quality
prints, scans
Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
Powerful yet simple to operate.  This is an excellent camera for more experienced photographers
Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
Great starter digital, awesome pics, price, able to view pics after taking.
speed, reliability, floppy disk...
Great all in one combo for the money.
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
at least it wasn't take expensive
Nice printing if you have time to wait.
Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
Great call quality #13; #10;Nice form factor #13; #10;Voice dialing works great
multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
image quality, options
Fantastic; quiet, smooth, fast and amp;#13; amp;#10;great clarity in the larger formats
Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
good for text documents, banners, small projects
1440x720 dpi, Low price, compact size
Worked well , while it worked.
Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
Light weight, small, build-in vibrating alert, decent battery power and T9
Excellent image in daylight conditions
Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
Light Weight, Inexpensive, Games
Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
Small size, ease of use, clear controls
it's a flip phone
quick, absolutely wonderful color output even on regular paper
clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
Quality and Durability
Nice outdoor pics
Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
excellent photos better then the sony cybershot; both eye piece and preview window
Really clear photos
grate photo on glossy paper.
Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
cheap, floppy disks
Compact, nice look
Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
quality and, speed
small, easy to use, cheap
Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
Simplicity
excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
Good print
Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
i carry it everywhere with me
easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
excellent camera
Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
Fairly good results for the resolution, amp;#13; amp;#10;Good features
Looks, Functions, Battery
Low cost, good print quality, works with D-Link DI-713P Router/Print Server
small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
Small, New Display Screen
Two-Way Radio
FLAWLESS
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
Small, light, great call quality
clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
Fixed Lens, pretty fast, feels good, intuitive interface. 4.0 megapixel image...
Great for texting, if you're into that
Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
Cost, compact
Sturdy, Durable, Easy to use
Phone was of average quality.
reliable
Size, List of features and looks
Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
Beautiful photos at a good price
Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
Excellent photos
Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
Compact, light weight, bright LCD,ease of use, support microdrive
light weight, easy to use, can be used with car seat
Easy to use!
Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
Great speed; usb and parallel printing; only 100 dollars
Easy to navigate menu
Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
Great size, great pictures, great everything!
Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
adequate storage, easy to use, big wheels
Good for the kids
Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
Great result in a small pretty package
LOADED with features; No moving parts
fast, reliable, high quality
Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
It's tiny
love the color accuracy
Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
Decent color and quality for price
Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
Easy to push, Not too heavy
it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
Very cheap, small footprint
5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.
T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
Very dependable
size, easy to open with one hand
Web Enabled, Lots of info on screen
Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
Features
The printer is a nice, fast, compact printer
Compact and easy to use.
Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
Reliability
Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful.
Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
cheap
bang for the buck
Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
none
Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
Compact and works like a charm
Nice size, good screen, no exterior antenna
Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
clean, legible, quiet and efficient
Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
I like all SONY Digitals!
ease of use, convenience
Specs sound good (better than reality)
Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
Voice recognition, hardware,  quot;PIM quot; features
Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
2-way radio
Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
Quality of output; price; speed
great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
MP3 Player, Colors, Bluetooth, and it comes with 41mb better than most phones
Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
Speed and Print Quality are both great
Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
buy it
light weight, easy to use
Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
Price and Quality
ease of use, software, weight
Ease of use  amp;amp; price was right!
Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
Trendy, Tough AND Unique
Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support
Small, easy to use, clear as a bell, cool number storage option
good basic phone without a lot of useless features
Lower cost than competitors, paper roll feeder included
instant access
optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
Its the best phone available on th market.
Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
Close Up Shooting
Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
USB connectivity, easy operation
Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
powerful. many features. quality pics
Definitely future-proof!
Can hold TWO infant car seats!
Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
Great price, excellent print quality
Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
Compact size, good picture quality, great value.
Spectacular photo quality output potential
compact, affordable, good battery life
Easy to use, with excellent results. Reliable. Many time saving features.
Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Fit for professional uses
LCD in the front #13; #10;Very small  #13; #10;Many features
Steers great
Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
Nice size
floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
A great small good quality camera.
Quick, compatable with many computers.
cheap, good quality, fast.
For a cheap printer, it will do an O.K. job, but that's all.
Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
Reliability, Small Form Factor
plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
Great pictures, great pricing
Easy to use and durable
good cheap stroller
small foot print
Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
Crisp Text and Graphic
Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB  amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical  amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
Nice features and easy to use
EXCELLENT OPTICS
Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
Great pics, easy to use.
works
Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
Small, reliable, long battery life
Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv
Battery life; reception; size, portability; silver color
Best Color Prints ever
lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
Size, style, headset
Many features.
replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
Good deal
Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
Excellent, affordable, user friendly
All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
The size of the phone and the options of choice.
small, light weight, easy to carry
Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
fast and good quality
Small, easy to carry
Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
Great reception, easy to use
Auto hands free is great, price is right
User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
size and form factor
Ease of use, quality of pictures and savings on prints
2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card
Easy to see blue screen, easy to navigate menus
NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
easy to use,brand name we all know,best for price
compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
Flippy clam-phone. Always on email   legible screen   great battery life.
great price, great color prints
Very clear pictures
excellent print quality, affordable, durable, never jams, easy to use
flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
Easy and trouble-free
easy to use, good functional docking station
Easy to use, cheap
Great features
Amazing piece of technology developed by Motorola
Crystal Clear Sound
Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
The photo print quality is very good.
LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
Long lasting/durable
Sleek durable
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
Small,very easy to use,reception   clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
Lots of features.
Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
It is lightweight and easy to use.
It does it all, throw away your PDA.
Storage capacity, features, service
very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
Print quality, price
Easy to use, solid build.
Hardware is reliable.  Conserves ink.
Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
Ease of use over a variety of surfaces.
Excellent all-around printer
Ease of set-up, quality of photos
Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
design
Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
This is a great camera
Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
Get for Companies
Long battery life
Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
Looks Good and large choice of option
Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
Low cost, good specs for the money.
Availablility to view photo's at once
All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
great zoom lens
Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
Easy to use; creates crisp, colorful, large photos.
battery life, durability, customizable ring tones
amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
lightweight, easy to use
Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
Stylish, excellent display and sound quality, good camera
Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
Strong, Well Built body
Easy to use, high quality
Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
no big weakness
Durability, interface, battery.
quality printing
Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
inexpensive, easy to use
Ease of Use, Features, Quality
size,quality of pics, accessories, price
amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
Great features for the price
340 Meg IBM Microdrive
...
inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
Nice Quality, Easy to use
Quality photos, 3.5 amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
Inexpensive for features included
design, weight, reception
Stability, comfort
New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
individual cartidges and high resolution
Takes great pictures; many great features
Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
easy to use, small, great software
Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
Excellent Quality, Clear Screen, Voice Activated
Quality  amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
Direct connect, cheap plans.
Easy to use
prints like a pro, easy to set up
Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
Everything
Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
Small
Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
Blue Backlight
Quiet, fast, great color quality
Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
Easy to use!
Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
Light but sturdy, loud ringer, Ab-Fab reception
Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
Nice basic phone!
compact, stylish, good quality pictures
Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
Great for the price a good deal.
For its price it prints okay
PDA functionality, tons of features
Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
Cheap, good for home users.
Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
Feature rich as a business tool
Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
New low price. Quality product
Ease of use, megapixel res, low cost, fast, USB transfer
Positions, Beauty, Functions
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
Laser printer. Size.
Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
The smallest (so far)
Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color.
Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
cheaper, comfortable
Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
cheap megapixels
Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
Multiple features, long battery life
quiet
All you need in one box.
Great for enlargements!
Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
Easy to use, Quick uploads
"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
Lightweight  amp; small; great software  amp; features; EASY to use
3-in-1 features, user-friendly
None - buy anything else
Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
All the features I will ever need!
Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
Easy to install
Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
Made by Xerox...an American based
Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
easy to operate
Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
great looking prints, fast, quiet
Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
top of the line
Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
Large screen, clear reception
Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
they are always below
Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
Size, phone book, vibra call alert
Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
multi functional
Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
I have a phone when I need one; does its job
Portability, extra options, styling.
easy to use, no extra costly parts
Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
Nice. Pretty screen with large numbers. Small.
Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
Good Simple Basic Phone
Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
Good quality printing
Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
Color and black print are excellent, very user friendly
Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
size, weight, build quality, sound quality
Quality  amp;amp; Ease of Use
Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
backlit QWERTY keyboard, still   video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
complete with pager
Price, good photographs, easy to use
Attractive phone with loads of features.
Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
Good battery life
Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
Easy to use
Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
this is a very user friendly camera.
Excellent flash and ergonomics
Price, ease of use
Great Price, All the Features you want
Speakerphone, very easy to use.
good pictures
Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables
battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
Large wheels, convenience
Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
photo quality, ink usage
mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
Fast, Good quality
Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
compact, fast, quiet
Front LCD Panel, "hand feel", Large screen display
easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
Handy when it works
easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
easy to use, cheap
Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
Awesome photos
easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
Extremely durable--military specs.
Great software and easy to use.
Excellent quality, relatively easy to use.
Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
Fast printing, great quality
easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
Easy to use, great quality and great price
light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
Looks, features, nice screen, replaceable parts
inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
"Cute," esp. for a Nextel, custom faceplates, headset jack, it's a Nextel!
Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy amp;#9;
Good Working and cheap!
it does it's job, it's small
Lightweight, easy to use
Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
Simple to use.
Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
Great pictures, great features, great price
big wheels,easy steering
Comes with Infant Seat and Base
scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
Very easy to use
Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
great picture and functionalityq
The fax works
lens work well
Quick, easy, durable
It "looks" cute, Simplistic design, reasonable price tag.
NONE
good quality, fast, easy
Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
The only negative side to this camera that I see, is that it has no zoom capability.
Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
Kodak software included. USB connection. Easy to use.
Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options
great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
Cost effective
Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing, amp; fast
The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
Integration
Collapses really easily
Good RF Performance.
Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
Easy to use, nice display, great sound, excellent features
Ease of use and great pictures
Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
Colorful Faceplates, Great Reception, Easy to use interface
ease of use, compact size
Easy to set up and use, good overall performance.
Tri-mode
perfect for a beginner
Sounds and looks great!
In the shop it looked good and worked well.
Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
Decent quality and durability
3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
Low ELF emissions
Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
pretty packaging
Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
cool looking
Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
Amazing Picture "quality."
Style, Color Display, Ringers, Second Battery Free
Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
Picture quality, ease of use
Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
Great print quality
fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
NONE FOUND
Cheap and Simple
Perfect size, very good pics
very robust, quick response from keyboard
Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case amp;#13; amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
Takes a 3.5 amp;quot; disk
takes good pictures
Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
Prints fast and cheap on ink
reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
Sturdy, Good Battery Life, Faceplates.
Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
Manual features, great photos, everything
Light stylish and easy to use.
Good user interface design; good ergonomics
Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
Light, changeable faceplates
Easy to use, reasonable price, decent picture quality
copier, fax, color printer, scanning
Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
Simple to use; Great resolution amp;#9;
Very good quality printing
its colourfull
Small, Direct Connect
Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
None, period.
Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
Clear and user friendly
Easy to use/setup, separate black  amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
Inexpensive
Decent Package for less than $200.  (The price right now probably drop below $150)
Kodak name, Price, easey to use
Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
good price,great camera
Nice print outs - once you get it going
Easy to use, affordable
Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
Great Quality, Great Price
NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt.,
The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
There isn't any.
Good features for the price
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
speed, multi function
Great Color
Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
price, speed, quality
Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
Solid, small, easy to use.
Easy to glide
price, easy to use, features, size
Very User Friendly amp;#13; amp;#10;Compact design amp;#13; amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
Affordable
Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
Excellent integration of Palm and phone #13; #10;Great for using in a vehicle
Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
size, battery life,  screen, reception
Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
Fast printing and quiet
Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
Easy to use, easy on ink
Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
small, good reception, loads of features
Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
Small, durable, great reception, clear graphics.
small size, inexpensive
lt;b gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY lt;/B gt;
Excellent Photos, UltraCompact amp;#13; amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap  amp;#13; amp;#10;Remote amp;#13; amp;#10;
Relatively cheap, fast in both B amp;amp;W/Color, great color
Great image quality
It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea.
easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
Great speed and quality, very affordable
ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
Lots of options
Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
Great Quality, Sturdy Design
Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
It looks cool?
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Small Convenient Package
Decent quality output, good software
Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
Features, small size, cheap
Light, small, descent features, colorful
all in one device
Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
see above
Easy to use.  Stylish.
Cheap, easy to use, fun
decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
Small, Quality Photos, Cheap,  amp;amp; Modular
Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
Costs
Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle
Small, high quality, fast
Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
Nice features available.
Excellent printer hardware and software.
size, good reception
Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
Decent camera, decent price
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
light, good on batteries, nice pictures
cross platform, telephoto, audio recording
internal antenna, free with plan
Good picture quality
Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet  amp; fast operation
Cheap
Packed with tons of features
sound quality good enough for me
Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
User documentation, durability
This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure.
Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
Price, quality, user friendly
Great stroller, comfortable, will last
finely tuned technology
Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
Cheap; works ok
Well its fast and inexpensive
reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
cheap, fast, clear output
Epson quality
Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
Large buttons, good layout, excellent sound and speakers. Get to throw away my Motorola. Sturdy
Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
Does it all!
Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
Easy to use, great picture quality
Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
Easy to use and understand
Great photo printing, great price.
small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
Slim body, great collection of features
Quick, easy installation, good print
It's sleek and light weight
Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
Cheap
Good features
Very easy to use, great value for money
Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
Prints beautiful quality photos, easy to use
Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
inexpensive, great printing
Triband, camera-phone
Battery Life, Durable
Easy to use, high quality
Easy to use, high image capacity
Great for Kids Schoolwork
Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
Price, new technology, great prints amp;#13; amp;#10;
Good features, operationally sound, good battery life
Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
all the features
good
Convenience, emergency use
Great features at low price.
Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
Print quality, print speed
Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
Cheap, functional
clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
Too many to list
Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
Small and suprisingly heavy!
excellent pictures when it works properly
G3 an excellent camera indoors
good print quality regular and pictures
Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
100% Photo Quality output. Text is also very impressive.
All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
Easy to use, great features
none
Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
Price and quality
Small, nice key arrangement, tri-band
Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
work horse
Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
cheap, decent pictures
Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
Size, IR Capability
Print quality, durable
compact, easy user-interface, lightweight, active flip
Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
Very easy to set up and use
Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
can take some abuse, loaded with features
Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
Good shape. Decent price
Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
Excellent Clarity,
none
Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
Ease of use, cheap fun
Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
size, weight
Neat camera and video.
It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash  amp; SmartMedia.
easy to install and prints nice and clear
reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
Great Pictures
Great features, small package
Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
Full featured, Great Price
Portable, lightweight, and stylish. simple, great for the buisnessman/woman.INCREDIBLY DURABLE
USB, ease-of-use, great photos
Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
Looks cute, low weight.
Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged.
Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
Great looks, solid overall build quality
Ease of use and accessibility of images
great images, speed, easy faxing
Images, features, price, design
Easy to use, durable
It does everything, very easy to use.
Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
Great battery life and the web access
Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
an excellent introduction to digital photography
Small, compact, light
Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
Easy to use, high quality photos.
well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
Everything
Built in camera, many other great features, style, and great reception.
Beautiful Photo Prints!
Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
Not bad quality for an older printer.
Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
nice prints, easy to set up
price range - high quality finishing
Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
size, power, functions, ease of use
Nice design, all metal casing
Weight, Style, Display
great photos. zoom. easy use.
comparable to higher priced models
Compact and easy access buttons
small, light, long battery life.
Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
Comfort, features, does not heat up
easy to use,small,excellent pictures
Big screen
Great color screen, great battery life
Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
Everything at your fingertips
You can customize anything, Great resolution.
Inexpensive and easy to use!
review window, flash, ease of use
Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
easy to use, saves money on film
Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Speed and Quality
Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
Talk/standby time, software/memory features, screens, Bluetooth and USB,  Four GSM frequency modes
size ,price and ease of use
small/compact, lots of bang for the buck, many nice features
Great quality, well built, quiet
Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price  amp;amp; ease of use
good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
great polyphonics
Long life battery, very reliable
Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
Price, Many Features, Bluetooth, Speaker Phone, good picture quality
Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
All in one, easy to set up  amp; use, great print quality
pretty small, has games, durable.
Very fast
Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.
Cheap!
Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
Good reception/features/battery life/size
small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
-Size
Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
Clear Printing
tiny, lots of features, great clarity
Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner  amp; drum, easy to use
Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
Output quality, speed, duplexing
Flip cover locks keys,
Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
High Resolution and very easy to use
Lots of features.  Easy to use.
5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
Has an awesome safety belt.
Easy menu options, functional features
Small, user friendly, good clarity and dependable. I love the built-in battery!
great quality prints
Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
Cheap price! good phone
Functionality, internet capable, design
aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
Easy to use
Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
V.good print quality
Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
Good close up photography
Good cell phone
everything about the camera is great
Easy to set up  amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
Versatility, convenience, simplicity
Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Small, lightweight
Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
Compact, Light weight, ease of use
Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
Quick, great color, great picture.
Quality, quality, quality
easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
Practical
good color copies, fast black  amp; white printing
rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
Quality Name.
Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
Price
great printer for the money
Looks, Weight, Durability.
compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
easy to use great quality photos
Small and stylish
- small
high quality, fast,
It's an HP! Works well, great output!
nonbad photoprint, low noise level
Very small and light weight
Low cost, good print quality
Great photo quality printing
Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
USB cables, LCD screen
Very slow
Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool  amp; stylish
usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
good picture, good interface, good price
Small, light weight.
Small a packed with features.
small, light, good on batteries
inexpensive, good quality printer
Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
High tech, small, great warranty
High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper;  lt;i gt; lt;b gt;rarely lt;/i gt; lt;/b gt; jams; amp;#13; amp;#10;Easy to Use
Excellent photo quality
All the many features this phone has to offer!
Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
Looks cool.
Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
Great features with easy to use Menu.  Battery lasts a long time on standby.
It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable.
small and compacetstyling
Decent battery life.
sleek design, can be completely personalized, great price
Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
Extremely lightweight
Everything, I love this phone!
Small footprint, silent, good software support
Decent speed and color for the price.
Looks good
Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
Small
long lasting
Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
a very sleek looking phone
Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
nice screen colors, cool games.
Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing   answering
Ruggedness, size, clarity,
Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
macro , zoom, body
All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
great pictures-long battery life-good software
Extremely versatile camera.
Good Price
Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
good phone with PDA functions.
Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
cheap cost
Ease of use, established brand
professional standard photos for the web
it's a take anywhere kind of camera
Picture quality, ease of use
two way radio!
Print quality.
CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
price  amp; style
slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
Photo quality, features, style
Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it!
Price is right.
cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
Fast, silent and excellent quality
Super
Alarm, stop watch, ect.
Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
Great resolution, small size, excellent wide-angle zoom.
Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
Good Enough Pics for the money.
Slim   attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen   keypad
ease of use and nice features
Looks pretty (like a lemon).
Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
1200 dpi amp;#13; amp;#10;microfine toner
Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality.
Good support from Lexmark
Great image quality, ability to take off-camera flash, rechargeable battery, pleasantly chunky.
Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
Fast, good quality, never jams
Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
Not any I can think of.
Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
Fast and Furious., Easy Install
Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
Comfortable case, good range of option, shutter controls a big plus, price
you could contact your love one
Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
Size,appearance,IR port
Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
Above average printer; great price!
Light, and is pager, phone, and walkie talkie
Nice pictures, affordable price
Allows a variety of manual controls
Great Printing quality
Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access
Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
Size, GSM, usage profiles
Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
Great price, easy to use
422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info,
Great camera
Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone. #13; #10;Wonderful color screen and graphics. #13; #10;
IT'S GREAT.
B amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
good resolution and features for the price
bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
Ease of use
Price, LCD
Good quality when used with good conditions.
It has the black case and quality is good.
Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
It's little...
Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
Price, image quality, speed, and size
lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
Color display, many features, and quality sound
Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
great product. does work w/XP.
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Nokia menu/functions.
Its waste of time features
Size, photo quality and powerful battery
Really handy, great for our family
Small, Polyphonic Speaker, Price is great, Caller ID Pictures, Screen Savers, Games are great.
Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
Very easy to use, Stores large number of shots
Price. Features.
nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
Good image quality, small and light
Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
Handy little bugger this one
short, attractive compact and cheap
durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
Low price
small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
Inexpensive
decent quality, good overall value
Compact, light, easy to use
Slim, good looks, easy to use, totally worth the money, bluetooth
Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
Great print quality and fast
Good quality printing
good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8 amp;#189; amp;#148; by 14 amp;#148;)
Fast, reliable, easy to use and efficient, compatible.
Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
Color graphics, sound, battery life
price
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
Great color and text.
Just about everything.
lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
Countour, Weight
Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
Voice dialing/command interface
You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
Fast, great output
Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet.
Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
Looks great, stylish.
Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
It prints pretty good
size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
Price, Style--it's Blue :)
Lots of features
See 1- 5 above
Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
Convenience
Lots of great features.
Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Cute and light.
Excellant photo quality
Small, stylish, ease of use
No contract's
Amazing price! Great performance!
Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  ,
Picture quality, ease of use, features.
Quality printing, variety of models
Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
Quality
Multiple uses - fax, copier, color printer
beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
2400x1200!!  Feature packed
Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.
size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
Nikon reputation  amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating,  amp; Decent price!
Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
Good photo and print quality, paper handling, software utility.
Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
Voice activation (how did i live without it), great reception,clarity,looks,weight...need i go on..
Easy to use
Usr friendly and good quality
Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Superb performance, full features for the price.
Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
compact and light
Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
Great sound, comfy keys   fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
prints fairly well
great quality
Sleek, small, durable
Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
none
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
Light and folds small
Pro amp;#146;s amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use amp;#13; amp;#10; amp;#13; amp;#10;
Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
Everything
Size, cost, camera and video
Good photo quality, LCD screen let's you preview photos
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
Well, it works as a paper holder.
Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
small size, superb pictures, portable format
Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
small size
Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
Easy to use
PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures
inexpensive
Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
none
How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
Cool Factor goes to "11"
Fast,clear printing
Reliable and easy to use
The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
Price. Photo quality. Features.
EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
practical and nice!
Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
Small size with big size sound
A work horse, at a fair price...
GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
Dependable
Resolution, Zoom, LCD
COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
Tiny size, great ease of use
light, comfortable, easy to drive
styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
compact size and  good resolution
Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
Good display   camera.Good Looks.
Beautiful quality and very fast
Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
- Good Standby time
Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
Size
Cheap, Fast
a lot , i imagine
Ease of use, features, quality
An incredible camera at a great price with many features.
Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
Photo Printing!
Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
easy to use, great picture quality
Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
Easy to use, great pictures.
Cheap, great quality prints
Colour screen, flip phone design,
Small, bright color
sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
Great resolution
Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
Great prints. Convenient card reader.
Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
Color screen, cool key pad design, built-in wallpaper with customization available
easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
First and best mobile phone i ever owned
cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
Ease of use, quality of results
2 way walkie
Quiet, plain paper, color printer
Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
more than adequate cameraphone, good service
Good on all paper
Fold-up paper tray; very quiet; good speed; excellent output; price
This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
Lots of features and quality for the money.
light, easy open  amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
so easy and intuitive to use
Durability, good camera
Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years.
SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
good budget printer to meet basic printing needs
Long battery life. Handsfree via earpiece of speakerphone. Voice recorder.
Software, usb  amp;amp; serial cables
Well designed
Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
Familiar software interface
movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
Moderate Price, Great package deal
Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
Inexpensive Color Printer
Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.
Well made, durable, seamless PDA and phone, LOADED with features. Outstanding design
Cheap
Lightweight, Easy to use!
Small, speakerphone neat, nice ringtones, good reception
Highly recommended
Fast, high quality color printing.
I can't think of any!
Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
speakerphone, durable, battery life
Nothing but praise.
Robust Design
Easy to use. Not very expensive.
Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
long battery life
Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories.,
light, compact, many features
Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
Fast,Easy to use
Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
Screen, size and battery life.
Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
Great Pictures, Easy to Download
nice small little phone...
Cheap, easy to use, good flash
Good size  and battery life easy to use #13; #10; #13; #10;full featured
Small profile, nice screen
Big Pictures, high res.
Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
Easy to use feature loaded.
Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
Good price, good pictures.
Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
lightweight, durable and cost effective
Quality, lots of options
Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
Cute screen saver, Camera, Ringtones.
very easy to use and set up.
Not many.
Crisp copies in both color and black and white
Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac.
print and text quality, speed, price
prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
It's cute, stylish and trendy
Low light focusing, SLR
Excellent quality prints
Excellent value camera with many great features.
Lightweight
resolution, speed, technology
Inexpensive, good printing speed and quality, easy to use
Good Quality, Good Value, Dependable
It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
cheap, good quality
Quiet, small footprint
qwerty keyboard and text messaging
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
Fast; photo quality; customizable software settings
Everything
Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
color display, easy to use menus
Good price, good quality photos.
Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
battery life, full of features
Good output for Print and Scan.
Styling, compact size
Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
Works nicely
It produces a great quality photo.
Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
inexpensive, easy to use
reasonable price
Fast, cheaper ink than HP
Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
Good sized, separate ink cartridges
great phone!
Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
Sound quality, design, reception, ease of use, attractive package.
Reliable over time, good value
Dirt cheap.
lt;b gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby lt;b gt;
Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
Small enough to handle easily
Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
Features,size,very loud ring
light, web access, long life battery, small
Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
Low price, ease of use
Strong and durable
Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
Good speaker phone capability, fairly long battery life
Does everything, great print quality
The color display!
Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
Easy to Use, Durable, Cool Tunes!
Best phone since Startac
small, two LCDs, Voice active,light, stylish, lots of features, polyphonic sound, clear
Good size
Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
Excellent color. Great price.
Size, weight
4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
great for the home user
Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
Ease of use
Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
Price, setup, software
Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
Ease in downloading pics.
Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
Great color screens and feature packed
Quality output for a low price.
easy to use, saves to disk
brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
Great quality pictures
Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
Cheapest you can buy  amp;amp; easy to use
Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
Low price, great quality, small, many features
2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
Easy to use, easy to set up
Cheap, good coverage, voicemail included
Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
Value, Color, Cost
Great Print Quality amp;#9;
text, ease of hookup and installation
small size, menus good
Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
Works well with Windows XP
high quality lens/focus, solid feeling camera, high battery life, inbuilt charger
None
quality production
Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
Strong color, complete fills, no streaks, wide-format
Cheap color printer
excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
High Quality Printer, Good color rendition.
Small and light, blue backlighting.
Durability, interface, sound quality
Fantastic Quality Prints
Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
Inexpensive
Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
Smooth running style
versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
Great price, good quality
Affordability
cheap cheap cheap
looks, features, calling card, quick dial
inexpensive, quality printouts
easy to scroll through pictures
size, detail, construction
Very nice looking phone.
every aspect about it
Great reception, and pretty durable
Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2 amp;quot; diskettes
Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
Small, durable, very clear, very trendy.
Image quality, features.
fairly inexpensive; versatile
Easy to use, good picture quality
fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
print quality, price, USB connectivity
Bargain price
This phone is great! Very easy to use, very durable.
Lightweight and stylish
No film, No film developing costs, convenience
Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens
Value and features
Nice and Neat
Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
Easy to use, good paper feed.
Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
Not much.
easy to use, lightweight, practical
small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
Small footprint, auto on/off
Ease of Use
Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
The size, the features, the style
um, it prints stuff
inexpensive
Nice graphics
Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
Easy to use, sleek  amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
NOTHING!!!!!
Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
overall beauty
Good phone book, and customization.
Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
direct connect, strength and durability
it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
Easy to use
EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
Easy to operate, plug n play.
Great Quality Pictures
Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
Hi resolution, easy to use, great price.
Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle  amp;amp; features
Great quality, great speed, durability
great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
Good picture quality, easy to use
Easy to use,great picture quality,docking unit
Very good quality
Stay away from this trash
least expensive we could find
sleek looking phone, easy interface, easy to get attached to
Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
fast  amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
Nice looking
stylish, easy to use, light weight.
Compact, lightweight
Durable and clear calls
Affordable, easy to use
Good speakerphone   reception, good battery lifetime
Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
Simple to use.
Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
Small, handy
Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
Good reception almost anywhere
Brand reputation, clear printing
flexible, rugged, high quality
Durable, versatile, easy set-up and dismantle, maintains its value
Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
Great signal, durable, compact
Promising features (if it worked)
CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
direct-connect feature, address book.
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Quick printer, perfect for the home office
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
all in one, great space saver...
Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera;
great options
Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume   price.
Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
Cost, separate ink cartridges
great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
easy to use.. light weight.. many features
Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
Good quality printer in a compact case.
Great Features, Advanced Phone Book, Camera, Battery Life, Look, Color Display, Endless Functions
CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
Price, Slim Look, Battery
very fun, great resolution and picture results
Sleek and Small
A great printer at a good price.
compact, feels like a real phone in open position
useful, durable, good quality printing
Easy to use, great features like text messaging
Internet Access,
Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
Easy At Home Picture Developing
The camera is fairly easy to use.
Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
added features, light weight
Good Quality, 6 ink colors
Sleek , Robust
Superb Image Capture
VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
Great resolutions, Self timer
Small, cute, and has a lot of crap you wont use.
very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
good photo quality printing
Elegant design, large keys for a small phone, inexpensive compared to comparable models
Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
Superb picture quality, fun to use
great size and talk time
Compact, economical, well-rounded
Size  amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
sturdy
huh? none now with a better camera out
High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
Very sturdy phone
It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
private pictures no problem !
macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
Ease of use, image quality
Price, ease of use, quality of photos
small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
Great quality pics, even in low light
very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
size, ease of use, battery life
slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
quality printing, good size/shape
both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
Everything on this Phone is top Quality.
good price
Many features, smart sim card, price
Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly
fast print for it's size, multifunction
Excellent photo quality printing
Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
Price
multifuctional, space saver
Folds up nicely and easily, lightweight.
Good image  amp; color replication, 3.2 Megapixels, Small size, Up to 15sec. exposure times,
Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
easy to use, small and good pictures
Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
Color screen, very sleek looking, many ringtones
The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac  amp; PC friendly.
size of printer
price, durability, features
Color Screen
duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper.
cheap
Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
Well, it does hold 2 kids....
Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
nice photos, software works well
Packed with features, web access is convenient
Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
good quality, good price, windows/mac compatible
BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
Very high print quality, easy setup with Macintosh
quality=high, price=low
cheap, easy to use
For the money good quality pictures.
Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
Small and light
Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
Inexpensive, Easy to use software
Easy to use, lightweight
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
Quiet, fast, high quality
small, elegant, long battery life
cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
Swivel feature is unbeatable. Image quality is outstanding
Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints  amp; Mac OS X Compatible
Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
Takes great pictures.
Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
can pull in a signal where others can't.
Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
small, lightweight, many features
Image Quality, Manual controls
best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
Easy to use, economical!
Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
Mega features, superb photos, user friendly software interface
small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
Quality, Features, Ease
Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
Great for newborns, very sturdy
Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
Great value, print quality, ease of setup,wonderful color quality, easy on-screen print options, and excellent output.
In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
Lightweight
Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
Not A One
3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
Good reception, bluetooth.
Picture quality, price, two sided copies
Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
Sharp pictures, great color, lots of options
Great prints for the beginner digital photographer
Floppy disk, good colour
Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
So easy to use
Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
Fast, Reliable  amp;amp; Great Quality
This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
Great price, good features for the money.
Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
Great price.  Very easy to use.
Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
Picture function delivers, has alarm function loud enough to wake me in the morning
Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity,   AIM
easy to use ...  not for professionals
Fast... BLAZING FAST!  Quick and error free 10 minute installation.
light weight, easy to use
small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
great price
price and print quality
This phone is HORRIBLE! There are no pros...
Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
very small and stealthy
Good photos, nice size, easy to carry and use, nice set of features
Good image quality
Excellent Optics, Resolution, Ease of Use, Small Size, and Olympus Quality
Small size, cool bronze design (women dig it), easiest Nextel user interface yet.
Easy to learn  amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
Built like a tank; fast.
Good cheap printer for b/w only
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Clarity, size
Display, battery life, menus
Voice capable, nice quality
slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys #13; #10;
Super clear photos, great macro feature, excellent zoom capabilities and super video clips!!
inexpensive
Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
very good color photo print quality
Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
Very Quiet. Front paper load
Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
Price, color screen
Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
Nice sleek style with good clarity and lots of features for the $
ease of use and setup, high-quality output, fairly high ppm
It's free.
Paper sizes, B amp;W photo printing, raw speed
Great reception, rich with features, user-friendly,  ergonomic fit, web ready
Great Easiest to use cell phone
Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
features   features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!
nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
Its cheap
Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
Nothing like my wife.
Weight
Cheap and Small
Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
Good quality and paper handling
Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
Easy to use with nice photo quality!
Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
Good quality for the price
Relatively inexpensive, excellent pictures, lightweight, nice size
Seperate ink-tanks, economical, quality
Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
quality print, fits in small space
nice pictures for an affordable price
4 in 1 all you need.........
Convenient and Tough
None - given all the great alternatives
Rapid Picture Functions, Ease of Use
Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
great picture quality
affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
Nice appearance
Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
Print quality, speed, fax speed  amp; functions, Reliability
Setup, color, and cost
Great resolution, features  amp;amp; price
Ease of use, low cost
Cheap, Easy to use
Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
price
Easy to use, multi functional
Just point and shoot
Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
Easy Set Up.
price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
fast, save on developing
Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
Easy to use, reliable, durable, fairly cheap
great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
Cost and quality
Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
Relatively fast, decent photo quality
Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
So Light!!!
Ease of use, resolution, color
Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
Reasonable price, quick, quiet
Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
has all the goodies!
great picture  quality
Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build.
Great price,Great color
Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
The bright colors.
all in one device
price, size, quality
Great quality
Lightweight, personalizable
Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
Great  customer  service  and  recieption
Excellent Quality Pictures
small light weight
COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
Cheap
Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
Landscape mode with full qwerty keyboard.  Large screen. Very slim
Great sound quality #13; #10;One-hand operation #13; #10;voice dialing #13; #10;one-touch headset compatible
Durable, easy to find
None
USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
easy to use and good quality images
Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
Cheap Good pics in the right places
Simple quality images
MAC friendly!! Easy to use, small and compact, great  price, great photos, love it!
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Ease of use, price and quality of pictures,
Affordable
Real clear
Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
Colourful, Compact Phone.
great small size
Nice color screen and good features
Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
Sharp Photos and long battery life
Easy to use,Tough
Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
Great quality photos, easy to use
No contracts, easy to maintain, easy to use
Very durable
Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
most features, high tech, great phone too
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound. #13; #10; #13; #10;
Send pictures in email from any computer immediately
Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
Good all around light duty machine
FAST, great text and color, quiet
Excellent picture quality and battery life
all in one
lightweight and very reliable
Archival quality without the service bureau
Sleek, stylish, great pictures, easy to use, great value, everything really!
Stylish looking and sleek
Small, looks good
Krishna
Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
It does have a loud ringer.
The battery life is great.
Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
quality
Easy to use.  Feel of a traditional point and shoot.  Nice quality pictures.
Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price.
SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
paper handling , price
Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
cheap price.......
easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
-Easy to use
TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
Inexpensive, sharp color printing
VERY simple
High Quality color printing
none
Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
Great photos amp;#13; amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film amp;#13; amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
small, yet takes great pictures
High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
Fold out keyboard for text msging, large display.
Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
Compact size, simple to use
Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability,
Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
Well it DOES take decent pictures
price
easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
Cheap,Durable
mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
Easy to use, good value,
Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
Small, fits in pocket
Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
Small, inexpensive for its features.
Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
Compact and solid design amp;#13; amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
Durable, Battery life, flip.
a little cheap
Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
Fairly easy to get started, low price.
Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
easy-to-use, durable
10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
Easy to use, USB capable
Easy to use
cheap
Cool slider phone design. Wireless connectivity. Easy to use. Use MP3 for ringtones.
Good battery life
Great resolution and image quality
Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
Good price, clear color
large screen, nice LCD  quot;indiglo quot;, superior reception
dual usage
Fast, great colors and resolution.
Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
Very good print quality, good speed
low battery usage, price, photo quality, ease of use, optional dock
Great Pictures,  User Friendly
Good price, Good Quality
Floppy disk-easy to use
rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
Sleek, Compact, many features.
Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries.,
great fabrics, easy to open  amp; close
Does the job!
Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
Accessories
Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
Bang for the buck! Excellent image quality. 35MM "feel."
VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
External display with battery/signal/cid size, cost
quality, versatility.
Ease of use, great design.
Great Print Quality
Small and lightweight
price, print quality
easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
Cheap
services, digital support
Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
Fast focus,well built,nice price!
good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
good price great photos
reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
Come with full ink cartridges, great price, excellent print quality
Great pictures
Excellent quality
easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
Good First time Digital Camera
Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
Great Pictures
Fast Lens ! Quick Shutter release, good macro capabilities
great prints
Quiet, good text printing performance
very simple to use
Compact and well-featured
For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
Its digital.  LCD size.  Fair features.  Good price.  Good pictures.  Use while AC power connected.
Printout quality is great, speed is good
color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
Quality and Reliability
great quality photos, great software
Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
Durable
Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality
Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
Small size, digital and analog capable.
Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
small, excellent resolution, long lasting battery, zoom, easy to use
thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
easy to use, great quality of documents
easy to use, takes clear pictures
Price, Speed, Quality
Many features.
Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
Takes some decent pictures once you turn the flash off.
Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
economical, easy to use and lightweight
Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
Does it all. And in color
Quality photos, great feature set, great P amp;S results, solid feel.
What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.
Intuitive design, Good size, Good community
Excellent print quality
clear pics, zoom, easy to use
Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
Very fast printing
A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
Fast, USB Support, Easy to use.
Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
easy, light, different types of photos
al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
lightest cell phone ever had
Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
Easy to use , LCD is sharp and clear
Compact
compact
no cables required means easier to use
Compact size, speaker phone.
The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
Nice design, display, backlighting, and holster connector.
Ease of use, image quality, price
Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
Great Price and look
Attractive/sleek
Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
You can talk to people sometimes
Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
Low price, dual mode, good reception, 200 entry phone book, text messaging.
Small and compact.
Great all-purpose office machine
nice voice guy
Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
COMPACT AND THIN! BEAUTIFUL PHONE! HAD TO HAVE IT! GREAT SPEAKER!
Fast, good quality, easy to use
prints great
Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
compact, easy to use
HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
Great Service, durable phone
Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
Cool screensavers, cute ringtones, interior antennae
Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
The next generation, all the features, good price
Phone+Pager+Radio all in one, Cool looks
Nice keypad. Great size.
Hmm.  None that come to mind.
no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging   basic email
Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
Got it for free
Sometimes it reliable
rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
Nice looking, clear screen.
Cheap (came with computer  amp;quot;package amp;quot;)
speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
Looks cool
Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
Small size, camera, worked fine before breaking
fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
Cheap and pretty
Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
Easy to use,small,good resolution, comes with the best software we have ever seen
OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
Small and portable, has zoom!
easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
reasonably priced,easy setup,works with anything
Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
color screen, BREW
tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very  quot;hip quot;
nice ergonomics, convenient
PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
Lightweight, durable, compact
easy and efficient/durable
size, weight, lens
small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez  amp; picturez
Very small, lots of feautures, external display of caller ID
Clarity, Signal retention, Size
Customer support, value for dollar
Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
easy to use, affordable, several nice features
Fast, quiet, great color
Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , ,
user friendly
Does a great job with printing color
TONS of featuresLightweight   smallGreat alternative to a "smart phone"
see opinion
Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
It looks cool
price, size, ease of use, quality of pictures, support, the "OH WOW"
Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
MP3 player, video camera, remote
Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
Quiet, nice print, reliable
small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
Compact, light, and easy to use...
12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
Speed, Cost, Quality
Good speed, super quality, great features
LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
Affordable
Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
It was cheap
None
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
Great pictures with great exposure.
- 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
Inexpensive, Cheap Ink cartridges
UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
good quality and speed
Compact.  Good pictures.
Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
Features, keyboard, price,
IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
good image quality, affordable
Nice, big, color screen...
Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
Colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, size   weight
High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
cheap, lightweight, easy to use
Quality, Value, Features
GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
small, light, flip-phone, neat features
Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
clear, small, and light weight
Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
*Rugged Rubberized Grip
Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
Display, looks, battery life
Great Little Printer.....Better Price
Easy and light to lift
Rugged, bold looks. Good text messaging.
Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
Simple operations make it easy to use.
Excellent outcome when printing pictures.
Ease of use - definately
Easy and reliable
A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
Compact and inexpensive
Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
excellent photo quality
Resistant, cheap.
easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
Selection of wallpapers, bright display, loud speaker
durable, made for little hands
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
great pictures, compact size, now realatively inexpensive
Small   compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
Slim design
Sleek, stylish, clarity is great, nice ringtones, great speaker...
Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
Whole package
Picture quality, bright display.
stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
Flip phones are a good thing
Everything, clarity...etc...
not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
Tons of features
Small, cool features, attractive
Nice!
ease of use
Size, style, convenience, ease
Small size, features and options
Durable stainless body
Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
Lots of features and great flexibility
Absolutely incredible Photographs, extremely ergonomic AND economic, A zillion features.
Good Price, Good Quality
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Functionality, Reliability, Reception
great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
well, it prints, and the B/W is good
You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
low price, text print quality
great for photos,quiet
OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
great size
easy to use
Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution.
Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
easy to use amp;#13; amp;#10;
Downloading images from a flashcard
ALL in one machine
Great design
Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
Worked after being dropped
Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
great for hauling the toddler and the baby
aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
Easy to use for beginners, Macro zoom
Design
Good print quality.
price
Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
Tremendous features, large monitor, excellent quality photos
Photo color  amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
Saves to Convenient 3.5 amp;quot; Disk
Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package !
Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
Very smooth ride
Great features, very light but not too small.
Fair price, picture viewer
Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
price, ease of use , compact size
Compact, lightweight and good quality
Vibrant color, reliable model, easy software control
Reasonably Priced
It has a nice purple epson logo on it
Very easy to use.
ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up  amp; Auto
Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
easy to install, good quality printing
Extremely easy to use, floppy disks are dirt cheap.
Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
Extremely sleek, sturdy design; hi-res screen.
Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital   Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
Easy to use.
Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
* Size
Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
None that compel me to write about
It's great for sleeping babies.
Low up front cost
Easy to use  amp;amp; does a great job
Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
Clear print quality, great color
Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
inexpensive, few jams
Completes many tasks well.
High pixel resolution, easy to use, good software
great picture quality
Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
great photo quality and quick printing
Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
Web access, large screen, external caller ID
It is a cute phone with great ring styles.
Price, Photo quality, weight
Very small, Free, includes head set.
durable, light weight, small, easy to use
A very classy and high performing phone
Great Archives for my work.
Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
cheap, and takes pics such as they are
This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
Simple, Cheap, Fun
light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
Great quality prints
Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
Almost normal size.  Great pictures.  As easy or as complicated as you want.
Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
Light and Compact
good quality, decent speed
The price; versatility; not bulky.
To many to list (see review)
Large display, size
nothing worthy
Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
many features, though superfluous
Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
Feels like an SLR camera
Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
very affordable, high quality imaging
Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
Great Quality, wonderful appearance, compact.
Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
Full featured, easy to carry
speed when frequently used.
excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
speed and clarity, low cost
Small size, external LCD
Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
lightweight
None that come close to redeeming the cons
good color, quiet, print preview
Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
.....
Good size and feel.  Attractive.
Color copies look pretty good
See pictures right away.
Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
"Why don't u try out they phone hmmmm??"
Speed, color,quiet, good text
Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
Quiet  amp; quick; versatile
Low Price, good quality
Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
Hard to beat for the money.
voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
Clear pics
Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
Very quiet. Low ink indicator
Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
Good. Light, affordable, just like the C80.
Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
None
small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
Quality, Speed, USB, Price
it looks good and has good print quality
Features, Size
lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
excellent quality, dual cartridge
Quality, speed, quiet
Great picture quality, easy to use
Good options, great auto focus
Same quality, less expensive than 3030
fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
Toddler security yet freedom!
Cost, quality of photos
Good Picture Quality
Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
Easy to use
Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
Great  Features, Awesome Pictures,
Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
Small, compact size; takes great pictures; Canon quality; good flash; sleek design
good all purpose printer
compact
compact, sleek design
Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
Colour fidelity and resolution
Cheap
Long battery live. Easy to use.
Simple to use
Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
Excellent software programs
Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
Great quality and performance
Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
excellent choice for creating rough drafts.  It produces quick.
This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
Good print quality, ease of use
Small, sleek, white display, battery life, user-friendly
Pics go on 3.5 amp;quot; floppy, thats the only film
small, sound quality, color screens
Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
Good speed, good quality printer
Greatest printer ever built
Does not resemble a 35mm camera
user friendly with nice shortcuts.
Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
Can take Hundreds of Pictures
It came free with the service
Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
Tri-Mode, front LCD display.
Ease of use, nice pictures
A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
Highly Detailed Prints
Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
good quality prints
Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
Quality printing, scanning and copying
Great print quality and relatively fast
it was free
Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
great images, price
Small
Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
Real fun toy, and cute too
The 5MG camera is high quality
cheap, easy to use
Great
Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
nice image quality, easy to use
lots of features
Crisp text, fast ppm
Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use,
None
looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
Blow your mind pictures
cheap, cute, easy to use
Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
Small, I like that
easy to use
Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.
ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
QUALITY AND PRICE
Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
cheap, E-Z to use
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
lightweight, easy steering, compact, smooth ride
Storage on Floppy Diskette
It makes a good door stop
Great output even on plain paper
none
Fast, quiet, and excellent print quality!
Get it if you have more kids
Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
cheap, small, few parts, easy
Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design,   Price
Service
Its zoom
Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
Complete control over settings.
Simple. Powerful.
Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
Small size
Small, Stylish, Discrete.
Great features for the money.
Easy to use, takes mini disk, choice in quality of picture, choice in color, B amp;amp;W, sepia, battery charger, and batteries included, zoom
Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color